We now experience how something grows naturally.
They believe that the simultaneous emergence of India and China as two large economies and major powers with strategic and decisional autonomy, has implications of regional and global significance.
We are aware of the power of the collective resolve, hard work, sacrifice and devotion of our 125 crore citizens.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits by 100 young people from science-related educational streams.
With their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
We need to support such initiative and leadership through policies and practices.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
We agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to decisively act against those states who generate, support, shelter and sustain these factories of violence in our regions.
A framework for cooperation is also necessary to expeditiously act in cases related to consumers from other countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
Iran will continue to achieve new heights under the dynamic leadership of President Hassan Rouhani.
India’s development needs are huge and substantial.
The award will be presented by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
In Karnataka, especially in far-off, remote places, thousands of women availed of her services.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
Dedicated Freight Corridors are being developed to mitigate the congestion of our railway network.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has tweeted his prayers for all those people who are affected due to the adverse weather conditions caused by Cyclone Vardah.
This award would be given for outstanding efforts to further national integration.
I am looking forward to taking part in the centenary celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram.
Bilal is very young age wise but is a source of inspiration for all of us who are interested in cleanliness.
Today’s dawn has brought a new spirit, a new enthusiasm, a new zeal and a new energy with it.
Portuguese passion for football runs deep.
Student organisations, while campaigning for university elections should give more importance to cleanliness, the Prime Minister said.
We wish to build land, sea and air connectivity to this dynamic region.
It was Atal Ji’s exemplary leadership that set the foundations for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
We have taken decisive steps and built a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
It can be terminated by either Party after giving six months’ prior notice in writing to the other Party.
On the contrary, if one cleans up dirt in the surroundings, he gets energized, and then does not resign himself to existing adverse circumstances.
I thanked all the parties on that day.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
“Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The MoU will be a step forward in engaging with the institutions of Saudi Arabia to attract a potential investment into the infrastructure sector in the country.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
We salute the courage & invaluable service of the Indian Army.
He said the Union Government has approved 100 percent FDI in healthcare systems.
Our trade and investment relations are becoming more and more intense.
I want to humbly submit that the sale of khadi products since independence has doubled.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Bhagwan Birsa Munda, on his birth anniversary.
As fellow democracies, India and the ROK have shared values and a shared vision for regional and global peace.
Through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
PM has directed Insurance Companies to hold special camps for assessment & timely release of compensation to the affected families/beneficiaries under Social Security Schemes.
I thank Keidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
I appealed to people to give a book instead of bouquet as a greeting.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
Defence production Joint Ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and frigates were also mentioned.
Our tree and forest cover has also increased by one percent in the last two years.
The Prime Minister said that the efforts of the Government have led to India emerging as a bright spot in the global economy.
India had earlier won the Asia Cup in Hockey in the years 2003 and 2007.
Different taxes across different states have made goods and services more expensive.
I urge you to the utmost, let’s join this initiative.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
The Prime Minister said that this high speed railway would not only bring two cities closer, but also bring the people living hundreds of kilometers away, closer to each other.
He also encouraged the teachers to digitally transform their schools and its neighbourhood.
“Greetings on World Environment Day.
Any further request for incurring the person days would be considered as per the requirement projected by the State.
Similarly, he said, social justice is an important governance objective.
She has vowed to send her only son to join the CRPF.
Food processing is a way of life in India.
Her game makes all of us very proud.
He said this Conference is helping top police officers get a more holistic view of problems and challenges.
Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
On behalf of all countrymen, I wish her a bright future.
In the year 2001, Atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
The arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
In this way, the national assets would be utilized in the best national interest.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
We have given full freedom to the security forces.
Come, let us take positivity forward.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in Round One of the challenge process in January 2016.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during Ramzan.
From the point of larger scale of operations and higher value addition, an investor is also attracted by a large domestic market size, availability of skilled labour and good physical infrastructure.
Agreement on Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial matter
Acting against corruption
In Port Blair, he laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column, and visited the Cellular Jail.
“I am delighted to join the programme to mark the conclusion of the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow afternoon.
As part of this network, different universities could specialize in multi-disciplinary research on disaster issues most relevant to them.
Officials are working towards providing all possible assistance in the wake of the cyclone.
I would particularly urge my young friends to join tomorrow’s interaction.
We asserted our supremacy in the world by introducing Tejas aircraft.
This is a vision I share with President Xi and Premier Li.
Happy that the Bharat Ratna has been conferred on Bhupen Da.” the Prime Minister said.
This 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
The world looks to India, and to Yoga, for a durable, and sustainable answer to these problems.
We do not want to spend ten years in discussions without any tangible outcomes.
Government of India has initiated the Sagarmala Project keeping it in mind.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise.
He added that this shows India can take big decisions and implement them swiftly.
I must confess, I did not imagine the spontaneous outpouring of support that followed.
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
In Ahmedabad in Gujarat, around 55 thousand people performed Yoga together and created a new world record.
He recalled that during Mann Ki Baat in December 2017, he had called for organising Mock Parliaments in the districts.
They are aimed at transforming the country and making a New India.
Through the UMANG App, more than 100 public services have been made available to the citizens through their mobile phone.
From the seashores to the mountains, people welcomed the first rays of the sun, with Yoga.
Atal Ji’s passing away is a personal and irreplaceable loss for me.
Together we will build such an India where nobody will compromise with corruption and nepotism.
Prime Minister assured the athletes that Government would provide them adequate support and facilities.
Shri Narendra Modi said that keeping in mind the interests of the tribal population, the Forest Rights Act is being strictly implemented.
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a risk to any political party.
Talking of technology, he appealed for assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature technology applications are relevant to commercial exploitation of natural gas.
“We are really proud of the victory of Kidambi Srikanth in the Australian Open.
The economic and social benefits of metro rail systems are well-known.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
There is need to develop specialized arbitration bar associations.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
The founding conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
He said the effort is to showcase India’s glorious past, and vibrant future.
His work towards empowering the poor will always be remembered.
And, recorded one of the highest growth rates in the Euro zone in 2016.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
I congratulate the crores of people, particularly the poor, who benefitted from this initiative.
He said it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
I hope India’s success at 2018 Commonwealth Games motivates more youngsters to pursue sports and creates larger awareness on the importance of fitness in everyone’s lives.
While appreciating the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister observed that the matter is presently sub-judice.
The Alliance aims at a solar capacity of 1000 Giga Watt with an investment of one trillion US Dollars by 2030.
But I was also inspired by their courage, ingenuity and resolve to recover from the disaster.
He said Amul is not only about milk processing, but an excellent model of empowerment.
People are writing in from far and wide.
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country is now witness to how, the vision of Next Gen Infrastructure can transform the means of transport.
Have asked Defence Ministry to further step up the rescue and relief operations across the state.
Mentioning the Atal Incubation Centre that was inaugurated today, he said that startups are already beginning to get connected with this.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, capacities and resources.
He said countries of the world wish to walk with India on the path of peace and stability.
We have a strong, investment friendly policy framework in place to boost domestic hydrocarbon production.
Replace Tai Khamti’ instead of ‘Khampti’ at serial No. 6.
He encouraged States to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission, for incentivizing outcome-based allocations, and expenditure correction.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
The Indian story of economic resurgence closely mirrors that of many other parts of Asia.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to take advantage of the fourth Industrial Revolution.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
The President and I agreed that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
Our past has always been harmoniously inter-woven.
Over a thousand archaic laws have been scrapped.
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He said the areas of the country that are near the sea, can become centres of our blue revolution.
The Sides noted the importance of cooperation in the area of transport education, personnel training and scientific support in the implementation of international transport corridors.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority areas.
I believe that the discussions at this forumwill go a long way in benefitting the world citizens in accessingclean, affordable and sustainable energy.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
I am happy that this resolution has been fulfilled today.
Both leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
After the review, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore to the State.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the award is to be disposed off by the Court within one year.
Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
Therefore, the strategic imperative to Make in India, to Make for India, and to Supply to the World from India is stronger than ever before.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
He also believed in the power of education.
With this new practice of people’s participation, our effort to take the country forward with people’s involvement will help us to reach our goal.
Towards this end, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
It is in the interests of producersthat other economies keep growing steadily and rapidly.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the entire country.
Over the past two and a half years, more than Rs. 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought into the open.
I congratulate Bilal Dar.
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
India is now ripe, for a sweet revolution.
Today also, one Japanese township has been announced.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
PM will release a synopsis of the Green Rameswaram Project.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and respect accorded to him throughout his visit.
He said Varanasi is among the select cities in the country where Piped Cooking Gas is being made available.
Brothers and Sisters, irrigation schemes are progressing.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas play a key role in paving the way for New India.
Earlier he also expressed sadness over loss of lives in forest fire in Portugal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
If we talk of 2017-18, 55 percent of the total outlay of Rupees 64 thousand crores, which comes to around rupees 35 thousand crores, has been spent on works like water conservation.
My dear countrymen, just like every time earlier, I have received a rather large number of letters, e mails, phone calls and comments from you.
Progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
The Prime Minister said the bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of the common people.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government, he added.
Together, they contribute to creating a more interconnected and diverse world.
On 1 June, I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob.
It was distressing to see the suffering of the affected people.
This is the fifth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video bridge with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase import of fertilizers from Russia.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
Her cool approach to the game shall surely help the entire team.
He recounted the various steps, including demonetization, taken by the Union Government in the last three years, against black money, and to bring elements indulging in corruption, to book.
World Environment Day seeks to address a very significant challenge this year.
Tomorrow, I will travel to Haifa to pay homage to our brave Indian soldiers.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of their mission.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
Friends, to further the principle of Sabka Saath – Sabka Vikaas, on the eve of the new year, Government is bringing some new programmes for the people.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the atmosphere at Motihari today, evokes the same spirit of mass movement, that marked the Champaran Satyagraha, a century ago.
We particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
President Temer’s visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
And I’m hopeful that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind in this race and it will strive to achieve this goal..
I am confident that our discussion and decisions today will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
Our forefathers have lived this as a way of life for centuries together.
Those nations who leave their heritage behind, are destined to lose their identity, he added.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
This has generated employment for the poor.
Strategic Engagement
In last three years, nearly 150 lakh hectares of land got more benefit through water conservation and water management measures.
Late in the evening, the Prime Minister drove through the streets of Varanasi, evaluating the development of the city.
India scripted a thumping win in the under- 19 Cricket World Cup and the Blind Cricket World Cup.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
This provided a chance to more and more of our countrymen to unfurl our national flag.
Prime Minister Modi will dedicate first new Bhabhatron with precision technology (Multi Leaf Collimator), to the nation.
The 1.25 billion people of India are keen to welcome the ASEAN Leaders as our Chief Guests at India’s 69th Republic Day Celebrations.
The International Convention of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj is being held in California, United States of America, this year.
In a few hours, we will be ushering in the new year of 2017.
The demand to confer constitutional status on the OBC Commission had existed for years.
We remember with great pride all the sacrifices made by our Army.
I hope that the amount of emphasis that is given to the rights at every level during most of the time, is also given to discussing duties of citizens in an emphatic manner.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister recalled the contributions of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, especially in uniting the nation.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at a rapid rate.
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
He said this indicates India’s quest for global benchmarks.
The projects reviewed today, include the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, and construction of four new AIIMS at Manglagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra, and Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
In fact, 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the Japanese people.
To increase energy efficiency, my government has given the highest ever priority to the railways.
Institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Memorandum of Cooperation between India and Finland on Environmental Cooperation.
Was it possible if a new era of honesty had not been ushered in the country, in the economy of the country?
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
125 crore Indians will join the rest of the world, in welcoming it with new hope, new energy and new dreams.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
Best wishes.
They have always displayed a unique spirit in times of natural calamities like storms, cyclones, floods and forest fires to extend full assistance to our countrymen.
Best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
A special Leprosy Case Detection Campaign was carried out in 2016.
“On the special occasion of their Statehood Day, greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
• Capital Expenditure in Infrastructure related projects has gone up by 48% over the previous year.
My heartfelt condolences to the families who have lost their near and dear ones in this hour of grief.
Two days later, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of Shastriji along with respected Bapu’s birth anniversary.
Apart from farming, they can earn money by selling power generated through solar farming.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total worth of projects which were either inaugurated, or for which the Foundation Stone was laid today, is over Rs. 14,000 crore.
Rabi sowing is up by 6 per cent compared to last year.
The enforcement of award can be refused by the Courts only as per international practices.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play a key role in the dissemination of Dr. Ambedkar’s teachings and vision.
India’s defence preparedness is guided by these thoughts.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana provides risk insurance to millions who need it the most.
I would also visit some places of worship that have civilizational linkages with India.
The Prime Minister called for an end to the “chalta hai” attitude of complacency, and its replacement with an attitude of “badal sakta hai” for positive change.
The govt. is also working towards the goal that every citizen of the country owns a house by 2022.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their two economies.
Her stellar innings in semi finals will always be remembered.
This in turn requires widening the ambit of legal education in India.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
We aim to provide every poor and homeless household a house with toilet, water and electricity by the year 2022.
The per capita plastic consumption in India is much lower than in many parts of the developed world.
12. Research and training of food industry operators;
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
He will then arrive at the Wall of Unity, and inaugurate it.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
He also explained how Government schemes and initiatives are all aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
In the next two months, we will be busy in the hurly-burly of the general elections.
It is a matter of happiness for all of us that today Arun Ji is also amongst us after the recovery.
My personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now a decade old.
Yoga is a code to connect people with life, and to reconnect mankind with nature.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said “playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.”
Russia expressed its support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
He said that a teacher remains a teacher throughout life.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
He said the projects unveiled today would go a long way in developing sectors such as education, health, employment, skill development, transportation, power, sports and tourism.
He will inaugurate the collective e-grihapravesh of twenty five thousand beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri AwasYojana through video conferencing.
In our effort to build disaster resilience, we stand shoulder to shoulder with all the nations of the region.
Congrats to ISRO for the successful launch of GSAT-11, which is the heaviest, largest and most-advanced high throughput communication satellite of India.
Incorporating a company is now just a one day affair.
An average of 32,000 crore rupees have been spent besides the MNREGA budget each year on water conservation and water management.
They were able to include almost all aspects of Hinduism in only 11 volumes.
“Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar’s demise is saddening.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
These brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians.
The Prime Minister said GST would lead to a modern tax administration which is simpler, more transparent, and helps curb corruption.
But it is not just on the battle-fields, but also on the factory floors of defence manufacturing enterprises, that strategic decisions are made.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other’s strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
This is India’s unique beauty that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 500 biggest companies in the world, one-fourth belong to the public sector in some country.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
On this historic occasion the most important role is that of the Chartered Accountants.
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
My dear countrymen, namaskar!
But if something comes from outside those few things you had touched upon; a question comes which is outside the bunch of selected questions that you had prepared; you will be find yourself slipping to the rock bottom.
Regional and International Cooperation has an important role in providing an added push to our efforts.
Shri Modi said that the young athletes should inspire youngsters in their schools and villages to take up sports.
His indomitable courage is a source of motivation.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
This spirit of attachment towards the country and fellow countrymen was deeply imbibed in that great person of a very short physical stature.
He asked NITI Aayog to follow up with the States on the actionable points made by them within three months.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help and enroll in PM-SYM, those working in the unorganized sector, whether it is in one’s house or in the neighborhood.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of over 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will remain grounded and would not lose focus due to fame and accolades.
He is also remembered for his work in the education sector, and other social causes.
Synergize your energy with the strength of India.
For this, they require specialized arbitration lawyers.
“Remembering Shyamji Krishna Varma on his birth anniversary.
His pure thoughts and ideals have a profound impact on society.
He unveiled a Road Map for overall development of tribals during the next five years.
Their target is to reach 300 million under-privileged people by 2022.
This will help provide better health and maternity care for the weaker sections of the society.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Protection Mission.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed developments in India-China relations from the strategic and long-term perspective.
My dear countrymen, in “Mann Ki Baat”, we talk about those persons and institutions who make extra-ordinary contribution for the society.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala.
Strength of the India-USA strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
All this in turn will give a major boost to socio-economic activity in the state, opening up employment opportunities for the local people.
There was appreciation for India’s economic reform agenda, including GST.
It brings about a harmony in the society by making the family sensitive towards society.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have marked a golden period in relations between the two countries.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed in 17 sectors.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capability and enterprise.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and the hard work of our farmers, for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
These are just a few examples.
Khadi and handloom have transformed the lives of the poorest of the poor and are emerging as a powerful means of empowering them.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is less vulnerable to banking distress among the major economies.
He will address the gathering.
E-commerce and trans-border mobility of people is resulting in increased cross border transactions.
But for me, this is the first time at Def-Expo.
This is indeed, a possession that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even a common person.
You see, if all the people of one state will do this, then I will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state.
More than 5 crore women have been mobilized into 45 lakh Self Help Groups (SHGs) by May 2018.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
Such events gained more popularity with the passage of time.
Will also address a public meeting.
It is estimated that there are more than crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
This very month, 20 year old Vedangi Kulkarni from Pune became the fastest Asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle.
Addressing a public meeting, he described water as a holy offering from nature.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government.
Hence, it is the endeavour of the government to ensure affordable healthcare to every citizen.
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
Prime Minister said that India would celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, beginning from 2nd of October.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Exams in themselves, should be a joyous occasion.
He said “high-speed corridors” would be regions for rapid growth in the future.
PM inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development at Patna .
More than 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts on cooking gas alone.
Her achievement is all the more special because she has made the imposing challenges in her life the key to her success.
One of our largest states, Maharashtra, has already adopted a plan of its own in this direction.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
However, I take satisfaction in the fact that this is the second Summit between India and Portugal within a period of six months.
Her father is a labourer and mother a fish-seller.
Prime Minister Modi said that Defence Cooperation is a key pillar of the relationship between India and Japan.
Cyprus is the 8th largest investor in India.
The estimated daily fuel savings are to the tune of Rs. 27 lakhs.
More than 90 percent approvals have been put on automatic route.
· The Centre will dispatch immediate financial assistance worth Rs. 325 crore to cater to the requirements of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress, and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
Cyprus and India enjoy close economic ties.
We salute the will and determination of all those individuals and organisations working towards protecting the environment.
Gujarat has made a significant contribution in our nation’s history, especially during the freedom movement.
In fact, we are now living through what many have termed the ‘Asian Century’.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode approach to the 100 most backward districts in India.
A holistic campaign has been launched to urge and invite people to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
He was a stalwart loved and respected across all sections of society, he added.
At this moment of hardship&agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps taken for Scheduled Castes and Other Backward Castes.
Interacting with the group, the Prime Minister appreciated the group members for undertaking this initiative.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
They called for all issues related to the Iranian nuclear programme to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
If the world has to grow as a whole,there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
Our parents, even today, insist on focusing on studies and academics.
Every young sportsperson’s passion & dedication is the hallmark of New India.
If the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as Economy and Science & Technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports.
Security and defence cooperation have added growing new dimensions to our relationship.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister performed a special prayer.
Japanese people have led the world in sustainable development.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history, and in our rich archaeological heritage.
He said this move, which will transform tourism is a continuing effort.
The Special Notified Zone at the Bharat Diamond Bourse became operational in November, 2015.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
I appreciate the Election Commission for relentlessly striving to ensure the strengthening of our democracy.
The train is expected to significantly reduce travel time between the two cities.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, everywhere, there is Yoga all around.
He always continued to inspire more than 1.25 billion citizens for achieving this goal.
One can imagine one’s agonizing mental state if her world gets shattered at such a early age!
With the same spirit, I had started a similar movement by name of VANCHE GUJARAT when I was Chief Minister of the State.
Almost all the countries in the world made Yoga Day their own.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
The Sides agreed to explore opportunities of joint collaboration in precious metals, minerals, natural resources and forest produce, including timber, through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
It is now recognized as a global best practice.
I wish to thank the Chief Minister, Siddharamaih ji, and his entire government for his assistance and efforts in organizing this event and making it a big success.
Speaking of the family and collective traditions of the Islands, he said this has been a strength of Indian society, over the years.
During the Freedom Struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at Mahatma Gandhi’s call.
Works like Encyclopaedia of Hinduism, when made available in various languages, increase the under-standing and enhance the awareness of other traditions and cultures within the country.
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been established.
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
Our bilateral defense cooperation is built on strong mutual trust.
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the Government of Madhya Pradesh, for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
33. The Sides expressed interest in the development of mutually beneficial cooperation in the Arctic, inter alia in the sphere of joint scientific research.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
He inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
Currently, in most countries of the region, penetration of insurance is limited to only middle and upper-middle income groups.
They are currently touring different parts of India as part of the initiative “Watan Ko Jaano.”
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
This MoU shall remain in force for a period of five years.
Today, the President and I have had detailed discussions.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
The Prime Minister said, “We have taken a major step to provide education facilities at the higher educational, technical and professional institutions in addition to the reservation for the poor from general category.
The Prime Minister spoke of cooperation between India and Israel for innovation in areas such as food, water, health and energy.
We are also happy to share with you India’s holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
The first one relates to building infrastructure like Highways, Railways etc. while the other is to ensure that the benefits of development reach out to the people.
5. The Sides called upon all states to work towards the lessening of global tensions and promoting the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and openness in inter-state relations.
All this will affect energy demand.
India is working on e-mobility.
But, when we mention Ganesh Utsav, it is natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak ji.
All the best for today.
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
My dear countrymen, today as we refer to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, that too in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, I would like to share with you an incident from Netaji’s life.
It is my particular pleasure to welcome Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the honourable Ministers from Malaysia and Mauritius to the event.
The Prime Minister said that the feeling of “cleanliness being our responsibility”, needs to be inculcated among all.
During a match in Kolkata one player from the opposite team hit him on the head with the hockey stick.
Prime Minister exchange views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
IPPB will offer a range of products such as savings and current accounts, money transfer, direct benefit transfers, bill and utility payments, and enterprise and merchant payments.
Our trade synergies with Europe and South East Asia through the Spice Route are well known.
In addition, I look forward to engaging with leaders of nine other countries, including BRICS partners, in an Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue, hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
The quest for solace from the stresses of modern life, often drives people to tobacco, alcohol, or even drugs.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering.
I expect a good, healthy debate with excellent contribution from all the political parties..
I recently visited the Krishi Unnati Mela organized in New Delhi.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee, and every resource from the Government of India is devoted for the welfare of Indians.
A series of Yoga related events are being organized across the world to mark the occasion.
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare for the poor and the middle class.
Speaking about the progress towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
He added that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Signing of Agreement between the India and Ukrain for cooperation in Agriculture and Food Industry.
His was a life devoted to alleviating suffering and removing injustice from society.
This is Prime Minister’s second visit to the city.
The MoU was signed on 6th January, 2017 in New Delhi.
Similarly, you can see that presently efforts are afoot and discussions are being held about simultaneously holding the elections for Lok Sabha and for state assemblies.
But someone has to take such tough decisions for the sake of the country.
Reading can help broaden one’s thinking.
The National War Memorial, near India Gate in New Delhi, is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who laid down their lives defending the nation, post-independence.
So we will together build such an India where the poor will have Pucca House with electricity and water.
We have focused on removing the barrierswhich were preventing us from achieving our full potential.
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of preserving the “spirit” in the cooperative movement, which he said is still largely intact in the rural areas.
Our domestic market has been fragmented.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
In the last two years,we have moved towards a low tax regimeon the corporate side.
He exhorted them to study hard and develop a keen interest in sports as well.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
He said that today’s launch of IPPB is one more step to achieve this objective.
Health and Wellness Centers is one of the vital components of Ayushman Bharat in ensuring Universal Health Coverage.
This is the reason because of which the acceptance for Yoga throughout the world has been increasing so rapidly.
He commended the country’s security apparatus for the work they are doing in securing the country.
This was a war in which India was not directly involved yet our soldiers fought world over, just for the cause of peace.
We are also familiar with Japan’s enormous contributions to the process of development in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa.
The phase being inaugurated today will operate from Aluva to Palarivattom.
Your contribution is deeply valued across Sri Lanka and beyond.
Even today, knowledge is the best guiding light.
The resulting expansion of health care facilities will lead to the creation of a large number of jobs.
They spoke of their respective efforts to contribute to the regional and global economic development.
During a review of the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s commitment to provide Housing for All by 2022.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
The PM-SYM along with the health coverage provided under ‘Ayushman Bharat’ and life & disability coverage provided under ‘Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana’ and ‘Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, will ensure comprehensive social security coverage for the workers in the unorganized sector at their old age.
Some listeners send photo graphs of the efforts undertaken by children whereas others mention the role of youth in these efforts.
11,641 additional habitations have been connected with roads in the same period.
My dear countrymen, in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, All India Radio too infuses myriad novel hues of creativity and imagination.
He said there is a strong need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand the range of our talent, and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government for the efforts made in meeting the challenges of the unprecedented situation.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
This time every devotee will be able to have a darshan of the pious Akshayavat after the holy dip in the confluence.
Another noteworthy aspect of this project is that nearly one thousand women and twenty-three transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail System.
61. Our resolve is to build such an India, free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
Of late, News of abundant rainfall has been steadily coming in.
He said today India is not just the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
India has produced many great hockey players.
I am hopeful that this new course will further consolidate the financial skills of new aspirants joining this profession.
Most of the taxpayers in India would be benefitted by this decision.
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
I share with you the strong commitment to take our bilateral engagement to a new level.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some visitor facilities.
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to provide universal coverage of seven key schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts, by August 15th, 2018.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
My dear countrymen, I am not a Yoga teacher.
The theme of IEF-16 is “The Future of Global Energy Security.”
And for that you also have to take tough steps.
He appreciated the participation of cities in the challenge route.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the programme as an illustration of Indian traditions.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water?
He had the courage to show a mirror to the British about their wrong doings.
The Paika Rebellion (Paika Bidroha) was fought against British rule, in Odisha in 1817.
This payment was ensured through sugar mills to farmers.
In such a scenario, Consumer Protection is an important component which enhances and strengthens trade in this region.
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
The Defense Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short span of time.
Mahatma Gandhi’s philosophy has inspired the whole world.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that the Assistant Secretaries programme offers the junior-most and senior-most officers the opportunity to interact with each other.
“Glad to know that people across Tripura marked the Jayanti of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with immense enthusiasm.
I hope they continue to do exemplary work in curbing plastic pollution.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in this region.
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improvement in quality of life of the people.
The MOU will help the Academy to disseminate some of its experience in running a training institution for higher civil services in the country to NIPAM.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
These amendments have brought our arbitration process in tune with global best practices.
The delegation expressed its strong support of the Prime Minister’s vision for making India a five trillion dollar economy in the near future.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
Attempts were even made to reduce the faith that Indians had on them, he added.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
He expressed confidence that through Scientific Approach, Technological Innovations, and Research and Development the graduating students would play an active role in turning agriculture into a profitable profession.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eliminate leprosy from this country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi’s vision.
He said Adi Shankara had united India, through the Vedas and Upanishads.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
They agreed to jointly contribute in a positive and constructive way in facilitating sustainable solutions for global challenges including climate change, sustainable development, food security etc.
Once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of Ramnavami.
Guru Nanak Dev ji is not only the first guru of Sikhs; he’s guru to the entire world.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever before.
However, legal reforms can deliver desired results only when there is an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Union Government will look into their demands.
We have set up a Chair for Indian Studies in University of Lisbon.
He called upon the people of Pakistan to tell their rulers to fight corruption and fake notes.
He added that its implementation is a complex task that may well be the subject of future case-studies.
The Sides resolved to continue mutual support and synergies at various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
Together we will build such an India which will be free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
Growth in the aviation sector is expected to raise demand for aviation fuel four times by 2040.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 71st Independence Day.
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
The Indian delegation, which was led by the Minister for Commerce & Industry, and Civil Aviation Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September 2018.
A clean and healthy India will spell a prosperous India also.
And last year was also the silver jubilee year of our diplomatic relations.
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
He congratulated everyone associated with the construction of this Statue.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
It is considered an occasion to worship Vidya, knowledge.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the sphere of Law & Justice and to set up a Joint Consultative Committee.
At a public meeting at Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana account holders.
PM will lay foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
The Prime Minister later inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
He announced an immediate additional assistance of 500 crore rupees under the SDRF.
I would also like to express gratitude to UNCTAD for having supported India’s initiative and playing an active role in bringing it to this stage.
He said that it is essential, as a society, to stay connected to our history.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
17. They welcomed the signing of the MoU between National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation.
People explained to him, the hardships faced by them on account of the cyclone.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential of the North-East.
In particular, he called for innovative approaches in areas such as skill development and tourism.
Our energy partnership, is an important bridge in our linkages.
He is among the best orators our nation has produced, the Prime Minister added.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
He said there is immense potential for tourism in Varanasi, and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
59. The Sides reiterated their commitment to further strengthen global non-proliferation.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
He also mentioned that sports helps in developing personality, building confidence, and in overall development.
The security of these forts was the responsibility of the Maratha Navy.
The growing depth and variety in our relationship has been accentuated by the harmony between our Act East Policy and ROK’s New Southern Policy.
At the same time, an important responsibility of the State is to protect its own citizens.
Both sides aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit equality and reciprocity.
PM said “this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom”.
We are happy to have this opportunity to deepen our engagement with the bank and its members.
I wish to thank and congratulate those of you who are already in India.
She gave utmost importance to education and social reform.
There will be a value addition in tourism only when we travel not only as a visitor but also like a student and make efforts to assimilate, understand & adapt.
He also appealed to NRI community to motivate at least five foreign families to visit India every year for Bharat Darshan.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
Investments through our “Make in India” initiative, have been well supported by programmes like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’.
Friends, keeping the inflation under control has caused economic benefits to the poor and middle class consumers.
My many felicitations and best wishes to you.
Towards this end, the Prime Minister’s interaction will bring together various stakeholders involved in the mission.
In a befitting reply to those who made a mockery of PM’s announcement of Swachta Abhiyan from the Red Fort, he said that today due to extensive sanitation drive, 97% population has access to clean toilets now.
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
The two leaders agreed that as two major countries and emerging economies, India and China, given their vast developmental experiences and national capacities, should join hands to take lead in offering innovative and sustainable solutions to challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister said India can achieve a lot in football.
A single game is known by distinct names at different places.
Just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will transform into hope.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment linkages, we have revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
It gets its wings from our democratic traditions, emphasis on both wealth and value creation, a robust sense of enterprise and quest to modernize and prosper its economy.
We have over 300 million middle class consumers.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for devotees coming for the Ardh-Kumbh.
They can be called “nutrition rich and climate smart” crops.
It is our responsibility to further develop the understanding about Yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
Accumulation of any form of waste or filth within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
Financial assistance worth Rs.2 lakh will be provided to the family of each of the deceased while assistance worth Rs. 50,000 will be provided to the persons who are seriously injured in the flood hit areas.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi’s commitment to Swachhta.
These measures too have increased the efficiency of energy use.
The second edition of “Samvad”- Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environment Consciousness, is being organised in Yangon today and tomorrow.
Sister Nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads.
These and other changes have been noticed by the global fraternity.
India and Portugal are strong partners in the international arena.
In the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and twelfth standards.
The Prime Minister described the relationship between India and Israel as one of traditions, culture, trust and friendship.
He said specific goals should be set on various parameters in definite short timeframes for these districts.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
The Russian Side offered its expertise in tax collection based on satellite navigation technologies for the realization of joint projects in India including in the framework of above mentioned industrial corridors.
He said that even in agriculture, there is need to develop a new “culture” through infusion of technology, to benefit farmers.
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
“सबका साथ सबका विकास” can be the guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
Our youth will never be misled, the Prime Minister added.
His answers were embellished with wit, humour and a number of different illustrative examples.
• The R&D projects will be aimed at accelerating social transformation by providing solutions through application of science and technology.
He will also release the Innovation and Start-Up Policy for A&N Islands.
It also reduces their productivity.
AIIB started its financing operations in January 2016.
• Its footprint that extends all over South Asia.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, remarkable progress has been achieved in rural areas.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
Not only me, whole India and whole South Africa is eager to listen to the thoughts of the Hon’ble President.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List till November, 2018.
The Union Government had decided to celebrate 7th March 2019 as ‘Jan Aushadhi Diwas’ across India, for creating awareness and providing impetus onthe use of generic medicines.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers who look after economic subjects.
In that context, India has to make its place in the world, he added.
He said that this event is an occasion to honour Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the movement towards a Clean India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post-facto approval to the MoU between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
The Prime Minister offered deepest condolences on his behalf and on behalf of the people of India on the loss of precious lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami that hit the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
UAE can benefit by linking with our growth in manufacturing and services.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for the condolence and the offer of assistance.
This will enhance mutual trust and trade.
Government has also asked banks to raise the credit limit for small industry from 20 per cent of turnover to 25 per cent.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
The Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards achieving this vision.
“Extremely proud of our youngsters!
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
He said that he is happy that in the last few years, there has been steady progress towards this goal.
They appreciated the Prime Minister’s stand on the issue of Triple Talaq.
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education, under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
There was a time in the past where some products from India had achieved a global reputation.
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
The interaction will provide an opportunity to hear directly from the farmers.
In this context, he mentioned the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that democracy’s greatest strength is harmony and amity (मेल मिलाप).
Savarkaralong with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50thanniversary of the First War of Independence with great fanfare at India house in London.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
He said German innovation and Indian youth could together add great dynamism in the start-up space.
“My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
He said enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
They agreed to significantly enhance efforts to build on the convergences through the established mechanisms in order to create the broadest possible platform for the future relationship.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely be helpful in further strengthening these values of peace, unity and goodwill.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
I am told that about 1.20 crore rupees have been given to the foundation in the last two years.
But it is not a test of your life.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous nation.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
The movement targeted the young generation, in particular.
He noted that the Union Government as well as all State Governments would be keen to popularize sports.
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
He dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory to the nation.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
The growing conver-gence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the capacity to stimulate the global economy.
We have to take everyone and every section of the society along to take the country forward.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
That is why, Swami Vivekananda said, “expansion is life, contraction is death.”
He said the Kisan Sampada Yojana is helping strengthen the supply chain from the farm to the market, and creating modern agriculture infrastructure.
I once again urge that we should try and take forward the Khadi movement.
And, shape our partnership and engagement in a manner that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and also touches your lives.
Congrats to all sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track in ”Usha School of Athletics”.
We will work towards a qualitatively higher level of military-to-military cooperation.
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015.
In modern times more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers sacrificed their lives in World Wars in the last century.
His pioneering and relentless emphasis on social reform greatly helped the marginalised.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
Both these places attract a large number of pilgrims every year.
Ujjwala Yojna for Clean Energy, Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojna for Financial Inclusion reflect this spirit.
Shri Gobind Singh Ji believed that the biggest service is to alleviate human suffering.
Initiatives like GST and strict action against corruption has helped people doing honest business.
His Highness and I discussed ways to transform our energy ties in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
We aim to make a big leap in the ocean economy through the blue revolution.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
First one is that the size of the cabinet in states was restricted to 15% of the total seats in the state Assembly.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will conveniently reach the remotest places in the country, and the people living there.
Exactly 100 years ago, in 1917, Mahatma Gandhi initiated a Satyagraha in Champaran.
It will not only provide easy movement of trains but also help in the overall development of Bundelkhand region.
My dear brothers & sisters, we celebrated ‘Infantry Day’ yesterday.
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
His vision was not just to treat them, but also to mainstream them into our society, he added.
Expressing support for this, many people have written to me, sent me letters, shared ‘fitness mantra- Fit India’ stories on social media.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the scheme for establishment of new medical colleges attached with existing district/referral hospitals.
Prime Minister said that special attention is given to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana.
He said that the Union Government is working with an approach of “isolation to integration” to develop all the hitherto under-developed parts of the country.
Fully automated and State of the art Coastal Installation Project will ensure security of the petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
It contributes to our energy security.
My heart goes out to the victim’s families.
The Government has undertaken a range of transformational initiatives.
I shall also request listeners of Mann Ki Baat who are engaged in the field of Sanskrit, to ponder over ways & means to take Komalji’s suggestion forward.
“Wishing you all on National Voters’ Day.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
The agreement on trade remedies signed today would strengthen our trade partnership further.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
We both are democratic countries filled with diversities.
Just two days back, I have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
My dear countrymen, we’ll celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti on the 4th of November.
The situation that has emerged in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, as a fallout of the issue of distribution of the waters of the Cauvery River, is distressful.
Three years ago you vested the responsibility of ‘Pradhan Sewak’- the Chief Servant of the People upon me.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled their last meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
He said the Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) will play a key role in this regard.
World Bank and IMF assess this trend to continue.
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one’s village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of one’s life.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lal ji had talked of creating a mass awakening on an extensive scale about the necessary measures to ensure a better income for our farmers and provide better irrigation facilities and to increase food and milk production.
Such is the scale of opportunity that is waiting to be tapped.
What you say is right.
This is the power of our tourism.
As part of it, government has started training about one lakh masons.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
I am happy to note that the State Government has announced 19th June as the reading day.
He said it is also the responsibility of this gathering to make all efforts to fulfil them.
They are living testimony to the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the peoples of India and Nepal.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
We need to change this mindset.
He also said that our Armed Forces conduct an average of ten big joint exercises with Armed Forces of friendly countries, every year.
Today, India is on the path of several major transformations.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
India’s former President Shriman Abdul Kalamji used to speak of Nanaji’s contribution in rural development while talking to the youth.
He reaffirmed India’s commitment to a robust and strong bilateral strategic partnership with the US.
He worked tirelessly for the progress of Delhi, particularly towards ensuring better infrastructure.
“My thoughts are with all those affected by floods in parts of Bihar.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures.
As we implement the Sendai Framework, we would welcome new opportunities for regional and international collaboration.
Similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others.
It has resulted in much greater level of engagement of the Japanese industry with the Indian economy.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call, many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
The national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the Kumbh.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
This is an example where the daughters are stitching ordinary to good quality clothes for themselves and other families.
In the isolated regions of the Nilgiri plateau in South India, a small wanderer community Toda make their settlements using locally available material only.
The Prime Minister called for speeding up of work related to redevelopment of Railway Stations, and greater creativity in the generation of non-fare revenue.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
Fifty cities in India are ready to implement metro rail projects.
He expressed happiness that States are now organising investor summits.
If we look at the map of the world, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located at very important places in the Indian Ocean.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
Out-bound tourism from India is growing at one of the fastest rates in the world.
He added that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari (public participation) and Jan Andolan (mass movement).
He said the Union Government aims to develop eastern India as the gateway to South-East Asia.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, its knowledge, and its traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda were belittled.
Grand parents, parents and children should together perform Yoga and also upload their photos.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
This will be the fourth Annual Summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
I believe that reading and knowledge should not be limited only to work related aspects.
Heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
In this context, I extend hearty greetings to F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat.
India itself has been battling cross border terrorism for decades.
People donate generously to the needy during this holy month.
Have you observed the way I have frequently used terms such as ‘the best ever’ or ‘new, unprecedented record’?
The MoU was signed in April, 2017.
The Prime Minister said doing social work should be a matter of great pride for everyone.
All of these offer unprecedented opportunities for Japanese industry.
This is changing the supply paradigm (पैरा-डाइम);
The Prime Minister noted the impressive technological progress made by Israel, and its long traditions of bravery and martyrdom.
Outcome of the Budget Session
The Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was set up way back in 1947 in order to encourage promising students to continue their studies.
In order to convey his ideals, Guru Nanak Dev ji composed the Gurbani.
Now some people may ask why I have picked up those two years only.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekanand that she renounced her happy- prosperous life and dedicated herself to the service of the poor.
Progress of important projects in the roads and railways sectors, such as the Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, the Quazigund-Banihal Tunnel, the Chenab railway bridge, and the Jiribam-Imphal project was also reviewed.
The Prime Ministers agreed that a strong partnership can help spur innovations, economic growth, sustainable solutions and mutually beneficial trade and investments.
Till August 2017, Indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 Peacekeeping operations undertaken by the UN the world over.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
On 15th August, 2017, they unfurled the tricolour at Khardungla, in Ladakh.
He said India believes that the world is one family, and is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, the youth will take India to new heights.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and Make in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
He offered prayers at Sree PadmanabhaSwamy Temple.
An enabling alternate dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
57 Teams of NDRF involving about 1300 personnel and 435 Boats are deployed for search and rescue operations.
In this context, the Prime Minister also spoke of initiatives in air connectivity and water connectivity.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
(b) Creation of one Apex level post of Controller General of Communication Accounts (CGCA).
Witnessing the journey that Atal ji started, we while continuing onwards on that very path with a renewed joy will derive great satisfaction in getting ahead.
The Government is firmly committed to the path of fiscal consolidation.
There is also a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
Social media is transforming disaster response.
The high level review meeting was attended by officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister described this conclave as a new beginning in the public sector sphere.
I convey my hearty greetings to all fellow Indians and everyone across the world, especially the Muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of Ramazan.
The staff of the UN and diplomats from across the world participated.
I congratulate all those athletes who are bringing back medals.
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
He said that only those who respect women, can take legitimate pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda’s address – “Brothers and sisters of America.”
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
We have resolved bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these sectors.
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
In this context he spoke of India’s digital infrastructure, and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
Over the last three years, my Government has placed special focus on overall infrastructure development of the nation.
Its involvement in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail signifies scale and speed.
This addresses an issue pending for nearly 24 years.
We agreed that efficiency of water and resource use; water conservation and its purification; productivity increases in agriculture are key areas in deepening our bilateral cooperation.
He said the stress has been on preventive healthcare, and improving affordability and access to treatment.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
You must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished.
From the time of the Upanishads persons with knowledge have been respected through the ages.
I specially thank you for your phone call.
Lord Buddha’s message is as relevant in the twenty first century as it was two and a half millennia ago.
Narendra Modi during the interaction said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana- National Rural Livelihood Mission has been started in all states.
Our two countries share vibrant and growing people to people ties.
Prime Minister of Mauritius Mr. Pravind Jugnauth will be the chief guest of the PBD convention.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
• The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual Summit meetings, including on the margins of multilateral events.
This decision will enable better access to credit for small shop-owners and small enterprises.
All the stake holders related to health sector are working together to transform the sector, PM said.
Today, in the twenty-third meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to consumers.
He mentioned that these initiatives are changing the lives of ordinary people.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram (via video conference).
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM.
My best wishes to all the students who’re going to appear for their examinations, their parents and all the teachers as well.
Who does not know of the sense of adventure?
Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Sunil Lanba, was present on the occasion.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarjee.
My participation in the Summit symbolises India’s highest priority to our neighbourhood and our strong commitment to continue deepening our relationship with the extended neighbourhood in South-East Asia.
The unique festival Chhath Pooja is deeply linked with nature & worshiping nature.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
I have been saying that this twenty first (21st Century) is Asia’s Century.
This provides a mechanism to capture the increased land value.
This gallery, at 153 metres height, can accommodate upto 200 visitors at one time.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
I now turn specifically, to food processing.
Saddened by his passing away.
India’s per capita income has doubled in the last ten years.
They invest their lifetime savings only on the basis of just one signature of yours.
Make headway with this Mantra.
Minister Le Drian briefed the Prime Minister on the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men belong to our land.
He said that the biggest challenge for the medal winners will start now and they should never lose their goal of being in the Olympic Games podium.
Another example of scale would be the Renewable Energy Programme in India.
The same goes for improvements in cyclone early warning.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
This is specially essential for the freedom and peace of the exploited, victimised and deprived people and to ensure justice for them.
Secretary Carter briefed Prime Minister on the progress in taking forward the decisions and understandings reached in June this year.
Today, in the twenty-sixth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices, and railways.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is necessary for development today.
He underlined the importance of a clean and vibrant River Ganga.
I had made an appeal to change brain-drain into brain-gain.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the health care needs of the region.
It will have the original verses of Bhagwad Gita along with commentary.
It does the job of uniting us.
The size and growth of the Indian market hold much potential.
We are also committed to ensure, that we do so, in a way that is sustainable and green.
Last year, nearly 3 and a half crore people have benefited from this.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
Singapore entities have become major partners with India in areas like urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
The Prime Minister also extended his wishes to the people of Andhra Pradesh.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
Therefore, a mass rapid transport system is essential to address the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
The time has come for this to be seriously considered and debated.
Together we will build such an India where the youth, the women will have enough opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a Sahkar Sammelan in New Delhi, on the occasion of the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for the establishment of the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
The Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation outlines the agenda of our engagement in this field.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in sectors such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
If the children in our family are interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
He asked officers to come up with an action plan during the Rajasva Gyan Sangam, to eliminate pendency.
The Prime Minister will address the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
Our United Payments Interface system or UPI along with BHIM App and RuPay Card has shown the true potential of digital economy in India.
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
Continued availability of water for agriculture is of importance.
He also distributed the PM-SYM pension cards to select beneficiaries.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy which is driving global growth as well.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
The Prime Minister said that today, the life of a sportsperson can span several decades.
13. Information and communication to citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy eating habits; and
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
vii) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
But more than a billion people across the globe still do not have access to electricity.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play a major role in Asia’s emergence.
The Prime Minister said that 1.5 lakh Health and Wellness Centres are being constructed under Ayushman Bharat.
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
I have been saying that 21st Century is Asia’s Century.
It will provide top quality healthcare to the poor, he added.
They sent 104 satellites into space, through a single rocket launch.
• Nation will not gain anything by standing with those who have plundered the nation.
In the Monsoon session, this time, everyone jointly presented an ideal approach.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
In the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a Padma Shri.
Since the council was created fifty years ago, India has made rapid strides in this industry.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian soldiers by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
The Prime Minister stressed on providing maximum benefit to the poor and marginalized sections of society, under this scheme.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep abreast of developments across the world, even as they kept their Indianness intact.
My dear countrymen, Ganesh Utsav is drawing near.
Powered by the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
These initiatives have resulted in 42-place jump in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years, he added.
v) Hospital twinning for exchange of good practices;
A glimpse of his life span reflects a glimpse of the entire India.
We also exchanged perspectives on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
Even people have started exchanging Khadi items as gifts.
Every athlete who represented India at 2018 Commonwealth Games inspires us.
The exhibition showcases over a hundred good practices and applications.
First of all, I congratulate all of you for this Regional Conference on an important subject like Consumer Protection.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than other major economies.
At Dwarka, he will lay the Foundation Stones of a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka; and other road development projects.
We are also looking at various strategies for effective waste management.
Brazil is among our most important economic partners in Latin America.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
There is no dearth of talent in our country.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
This is the result of our fight against black money.
The month of October is a month to remember so many of our titans.
President Temer’s visit provides an important occasion to work on a roadmap to achieve this.
I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail only after reading Savarkarji’s book “Maazi Janmthep”.
Now they shall be empowered with smartphones and digital devices to provide financial services.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and top officials of the State Government, disaster response agencies and PMO.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar would spur the industrial development of Odisha, and work towards technology to improve the lives of the people.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
We have taken note of the priority that President Temer attaches to reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
9. Ambitious targets have been set that includes key health indicators and others to spur performance.
He will also address a public gathering.
These projects are spread over several states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
He also dedicated to the nation, inaugurated, or laid the Foundation Stone for various development projects at Rae Bareli.
A few days ago, the country’s beloved poet Neeraj Ji left us forever.
It is indeed sad that we kept on calling the events of 1857 only as a rebellion or a soldiers’ mutiny for a very long time.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
He added that several announcement were made in the Budget to this effect.
The PM took a round through the memorial.
They expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership will continue to be an important factor for global peace and prosperity.
The mechanism of Japan Plus has also helped in the process of hand holding.
Captain Mithali Raj has been leading from the front.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
After Independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at Red Fort on the 75th anniversary of the formation of the Azad Hind Government.
The Committee lauded PM’s initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been lowered, capping on insurance removed, and claims amounts disbursed to farmers have gone up.
Heartiest congratulations, Beti Shivangi.
• The World is committedto the climate change agendabased on the COP-21agreement.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that on this occasion, the devotional hymn Vaishnav Jan To, which was so dear to Bapu, had been rendered by artistes in about 150 countries across the world.
Hon’ble Chairman, heartiest congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the House and on behalf of the countrymen!
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with the Indian Police Service (IPS) probationers of 2015 batch.
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man.
“Today, a day after Diwali, Gujaratis mark the start of a New Year.
So a lot of new people would have received the training for casting votes.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and setting up of health care facilities;
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, rural roads have now connected 88 percent of all eligible habitations.
My dear countrymen, Navratras are going on.
Positive change has always found space in our country.
Given global uncertainties, India also needs energy security.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and libraries of the country are also situated in Kerala.
This has already shown good results.
The MoU was concluded in July, 2017
The flood situation in Kerala has been continuously and closely monitored by the Union Government.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
Reiterating our resolve to fulfill his dream of a prosperous and developed India, I along with all of you pay tributes to Atalji.
Our conversation covered the full range of bilateral relationship.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
The results of these efforts are now evident.
Because of life style, because of the mad race to achieve success and because of increasing responsibilities, leading a stress- free life has become very difficult.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
Through radio I connect every month with millions of families.
Both countries signed 12 agreements.
TheBishnoi community in the desert land of Rajasthan has shown us a way of environment protection.
“The songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika are admired by people across generations.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make you children witness these campaigns.