In a simple way, how things move forward is what we all experience.
He believes that the rise of India and China as two huge economies and important powers, together with strategic and decision-making freedom, is of regional and international importance. 
Through the resolve of 100 crore countrymen, the manpower of 100 crore countrymen, the sacrifice and sacrifice of 100 crore countrymen, we know the power of collectivity.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of 100 young people from science-related academic disciplines.
He has changed not only his own fortunes but also the fortunes of his region through organized efforts.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan and the United Arab Emirates.
We need to support such initiatives through policies and actions.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
We both agree that all countries need to take immediate action against those nations that create terrorism in our region, help them, encourage them and keep these factories of terror alive.
Cooperation is also necessary to have a framework work to speed up action in consumer-related cases from other countries. 
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on land border crossing. 
It is inspired by the truth teachings of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
Under the effective leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continue to reach new heights of achievement.
India's development needs are vast and real.
The award will be given to Shri Modi on a specified day by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation as agreed upon.
He has given his services to thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in remote areas.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Siiachin where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
This work was continuous to create a sense of inferiority in us by lowering our culture.
Dedicated freight corridors are being developed to reduce congestion of railway network in the country.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has prayed for the safety of all those affected by the bad weather caused by the Vadha Cyclone. 
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards further enhancing national integration.
I am looking forward to attend the centenary celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram.
Bilal Dar, the age is short but it is an inspiration for everyone who is interested in sanitation.
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, new vigor, new enthusiasm, new energy.
The passion for football in Portugal is quite deep.
The Prime Minister said that student organisations should give greater importance to sanitation during the campaign of university elections. 
We want to create land, sea and air connections in this area.
It was the unparalleled leadership of Atal Ji who laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the 21st century.
We have taken many decisive steps and have created a system of governance that will help India realize its potential.
It may be revoked by one party after six months of written notice to the other party.
On the contrary, if a person cleans the dirt around him, he gains energy, and he does not accept the present adverse conditions.
I thanked all the parties that day.
He also asked senior officials of the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul. 
The MoU will help to move forward towards attracting Saudi Arabian institutions for potential investment in infrastructure in India. 
The poison of casteism, the poison of communism, can never do good to the country.
We salute the courage and invaluable services of the Indian Army.
He said that the Union Government has approved 100 per cent FDI in the healthcare system.
Trade and investment relations between us are becoming more and more strong.
I would like to say with humility that the tradition of selling khadi since independence has doubled.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid tribute to Lord Birsa Munda on his birthday. 
As partners of democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and views for regional and global peace.
He taught people the importance of sanitation and service through his actions.
I hope this will help us move forward.
The Prime Minister directed insurance companies to hold special camps to assess the tax losses and to provide compensation to the affected families and beneficiaries under the Social Security Schemes within a fixed time. 
For this, I thank the KIDANREN, JETRO and other organizations for helping us in this process.
I have appealed to people to give books instead of giving flowers as greetings to each other.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Mission is an important step in this direction. 
He also mentioned the defence production joint ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and warships.
Our trees and forests have increased by one per cent in the last 2 years.
The Prime Minister said that by the efforts of the Government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy. 
Earlier, India had won the Asia Cup in 2003 and 2007.
Different taxes in different states have made goods and services more expensive.
I urge you to join this initiative.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahib.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distances between the two cities, but also bring people who live hundreds of kilometres away closer to each other.
He also encouraged teachers to bring digital change to their schools and their surroundings.
In his message, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said, "Welcome to World Environment Day.
Any request for increase will be considered by the State Government.
Similarly, social justice is also an important objective of governance.
He has also pledged to bring his only son into the CRPF.
Food processing is India's way of life.
His game has made us all proud.
He said that through this conference, top police officers get a complete perspective on understanding the problems and challenges. 
The Centre assures all possible assistance to normalize this situation.
India has shown tremendous resilience in the global economy, where uncertainty is continuing. 
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for peace with all.
I wish him a bright future on behalf of all the countrymen.
In the year 2001, Atal Ji changed the time for presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
The amendment to the Arbitration Act will speed up the arbitration process.
This will enable the best use of national assets in the national interest.
He said that he himself has visited the North East region more than 25 times in the last four years. 
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
Let us move forward with positivity.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in January 2016 under the first round of the Challenge Process.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are given great importance in Ramadan.
In terms of the broad level of operation and high value added, any investor is also attracted by the huge domestic market, the availability of skilled workers and better physical infrastructure.
Agreement on Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Divan and Commercial Matters
On action against corruption
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Martyrs' Column and visited the Cellular Jail. 
I am very happy to be present at the closing ceremony of the Narmada Service Yatra held in Amaranth, Madhya Pradesh, yesterday afternoon.
Apart from this network, various universities will be able to carry out expertise in full research work in these two areas on disaster issues, which will prove more relevant.
The authorities are working towards providing all possible assistance after the storm.
I especially urge my young friends to participate in tomorrow's dialogue.
We are reaching our importance in the world today through the rapidly developing airplane.
This is the common vision of Mary, President Xi and Prime Minister Lee.
I am delighted that Bhupene Da has been honoured with the Bharat Ratna.
Two minutes is also a moment of collective action, of resolve and of respect for the martyrs.
The world's eyes have been fixed on India and Yoga for a lasting solution to these problems.
We do not want to spend 10 years in deliberations without any concrete results.
In this regard, the Union Government is also running the Sagarmala programme.
During Diwali, the sales of Khadi gift coupons have increased by almost 680 per cent. 
He said that the implementation of GST shows that India is not only able to take big decisions but also has the ability to implement them quickly.
I had never imagined this broad flow of people's spontaneous enthusiasm towards yoga.
These measures have led our economy to move on a fast path of growth.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, about 55 thousand people joined together to make a new world record by doing yoga.
He recalled his address during the 2017 'Mann Ki Baat' in which he called for the organisation of artificial parliaments in the districts.
All this is aimed at bringing about a wide-ranging change in the country and paving the way for the creation of a new India.
Through the Umang app, more than 100 bio-utility services have been made available to the citizens of the country through their mobile phones.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays in the morning through yoga.
For me, the passing of Atal Ji is a personal and irreparable loss.
Together we will build a India where there is no compromise with corruption and brotherhood.
The Prime Minister assured the athletes that the Government will provide them with all necessary assistance and facilities. 
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Forest Rights Act is being strictly implemented in keeping with the interests of the tribal population. 
When you read it, you will learn how today our youths are trying to change the life of the common man by using technology smartly and creatively.
I know how much damage any political party can do if it takes action against fake companies.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature related technical applications are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
The Prime Minister said in his message, "We are proud of Kidanbi Srinkat's victory in the Australian Open. 
The economic and social benefits of the metro rail system are obvious.
He will also provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
There is a need to develop a specialized arbitration bar association.
The country is built on peace, goodwill and unity.
The founding conference of this alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
He said that efforts are being made to showcase India's glorious past and dynamic future.
The remarkable work done by Captain Nishad for empowering the poor will always be remembered.
It is one of the countries that achieved the highest growth rate in the Eurozone in 2016. 
The obstacles that were previously encountered during the decision process and approval have been removed.
I congratulate the millions of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save the Earth Mother.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games 2018 will inspire young people towards the Games and raise awareness of the importance of healthy living for every person. 
Taking into account the cultural importance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the matter is currently under consideration by the court. 
The alliance aims to achieve a solar energy capacity of 1000 gigawatts by 2030 through an investment of 1 trillion US dollars.
But I was inspired by the courage, simplicity and resolve of the people to survive the disaster.
He said that Amul is not only related to milk processing but also a brilliant model of empowerment.
People from far away are writing letters.
He said that the whole country, along with Varanasi, is now seeing how the vision of next generation infrastructure is making the country's transportation infrastructure a new one. 
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to speed up relief and rescue operations in the state.
Referring to the Atal Incubation Centre, he said that start-ups have now started to join it.
The Prime Minister said that there is no shortage of capabilities, capabilities and resources in India. 
He said that the countries of the world are willing to walk the path of peace and stability with India.
We have a strong and favourable investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
Incorporating the tai kamti in place of khaampty in the order number 6.
He urged the States to give new ideas to the VIT Commission to encourage results-based allocation and expenditure reforms.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate a part of the new Mejantha line of Delhi Metro on December 25.
The Indian saga of economic revival reflects the remarkable progress made in many other parts of Asia. 
The Russian side expressed interest that when the Indian Railways Ministry decides on projects that will increase the speed of trains, Russia will want to participate in the international competitive bidding process.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the love he received in Kutch was unique. 
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India will be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution. 
The project of the Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between Kyoto City and Varanasi, Japan. 
The President and I agree that India provides excellent investment opportunities for entrepreneurs in Cyprus. 
Our past is always woven with restraint.
More than a thousand old laws have been abolished.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He said that the areas near the sea can become the centers of our blue revolution.
The two sides stressed the importance of cooperation in the field of transport education, personnel training and scientific support for the implementation of international transport corridors.
Railways, roads, electricity have been our priority areas.
I am confident that the discussions on this platform will help the citizens of the world to benefit from clean, affordable and sustainable energy.
The Prime Minister said that today, Jan-Dhan Yojana has completed three years.
I am happy that today this resolution is being fulfilled.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state. 
Furthermore, under the new law, any application challenging the decision will be settled by the court within one year.
The Prime Minister mentioned his own progress initiatives to monitor the project.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the world supply.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their teachers, guardians and coaches, who have guided them since childhood. 
He also believed in the power of education.
This new tradition of public participation for our country is our effort to advance the country through public participation.
In this direction, we have launched far-reaching legal reforms.
The rapid growth of other systems is in the interest of producers.
I want to see a reading and library movement like this across the country.
Over the last two and a half years, more than Rs 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought to the open.
I congratulate Bilal Dar very much.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit. 
India is now moving towards a sweet revolution.
Today, a Japanese township has been announced.
Talking about the self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play a vital role in economic and social progress for the poor, especially the rural sections of society.
The Prime Minister congratulated M. Vankey Naidu Garuru on being elected Vice President of India.
The Prime Minister will also release the outline of the Harit Rameshwar project.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for his warm welcome and respect during his entire visit. 
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where cooking gas is being provided by pipes.
Brothers and sisters, irrigation projects are moving forward.
Addressing the crowd, the Prime Minister said that such progress fairs pave the way for a new India. 
Earlier, he expressed his condolences over the loss of life caused by the forest fires in Portugal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the birth centenary of Nanaji Deshmukh at the IARI, Poosa, New Delhi on 11 October 2017. 
In 2017-18, 55% of the total expenditure of Rs 64 thousand crore, i.e. about Rs 35 thousand crore, has been spent on water conservation.
My dear countrymen, like every time, I have received all your letters, emails, phone calls and comments in huge quantities.
The progress of the National Optical Fiber Network was reviewed.
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of ordinary people. 
The scope of the MoU is the following areas of cooperation:
Therefore, the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government.
Both countries are contributing to creating a more connected and vast world together than ever before.
Prime Minister Shri Modi said, "I will meet with the President of Singapore, Halima Jacob, on June 1.
It is painful to see people suffering from disasters.
The Prime Minister for the fifth time interacted with various beneficiaries of government schemes through video bridge. 
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
He said that the Central Government attaches great importance to the development of eastern India. 
His calm attitude towards the game will certainly help the whole team.
He also mentioned the various measures taken by the Central Government against black money, including demonetisation of money, and the actions taken on corruption-linked elements in the last three years. 
This year, World Environment Day aims to solve a very important challenge.
I will be going to Haifa today to pay tribute to my brave soldiers.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew members on the success of the mission. 
The Prime Minister discussed the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure. 
To further this goal, the government is bringing in some new schemes for the country's one hundred and fifty crore citizens on the eve of the new year.
Addressing the enthusiastic crowd on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that today's day in Motihari is showing the spirit of a people's movement that was seen in the Champaran Satyagraha a century ago. 
We have put special emphasis on implementing the various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
President Temer's visit will open the way to cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will not be left behind by any other state in this race, and will continue to push forward.
I am confident that today's discussions and decisions will give a new direction and depth to our partnership. 
For centuries our ancestors have lived it.
The countries that leave behind their heritage lose their identity.
He said we have to move towards transparent and resilient markets for both oil and gas.
On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improve sanitation facilities across our country.
The livelihood has reached the hands of the poor.
Strategic partnership
Over the last three years, almost 150 lakh hectares of land have benefited from such water conservation and water management measures.
The Prime Minister visited various routes in the city in the evening to evaluate development works in Varanasi. 
Pakistan opened its 100th airport in Sikkim and the country's first. India won the Under-19 Cricket World Cup and the Blind Cricket World Cup.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism and social harmony.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
As a result, more and more Indians have had the opportunity to raise their national flag.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the first new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
One hundred and fifty crore Indians are waiting to welcome ASEAN leaders as our chief guests to India's 69th Republic Day celebrations. 
The International Conference of the Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is taking place this year in California, USA.
In a few hours, we will all welcome the new year of 2017.
The OBC Commission had been demanding a constitutional place for years.
We remember the sacrifice of our army with pride.
I hope that at every level, at all times, as much force is given to rights, so too will force be given to duties.
Addressing the people on the occasion, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi recalled the contributions of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, especially his contribution to the unity of the country. 
The Prime Minister said that the emphasis is on working at a faster pace on better infrastructure and emotional connectivity for the entire North East region. 
It has become the world's main growth engine.
In India, if we compare the effects of the cyclone in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be clear.
This shows India's desire to set global standards.
The projects reviewed today include the construction of four new AIIMS in Delhi, Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Mangalugurhi in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyanni in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
In fact, 1.25 billion people in India are just as fond of the people of Japan.
My government is giving priority to railways to increase energy efficiency.
Institutions also contributed a lot to this.
The Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Finland for environmental contribution. 
If a new era of honesty had not begun in the country, would this have been possible?
The programme was a collective lesson of beauty waves.
One hundred and fifty crore citizens of India will welcome them with new resolve, new spirit, new spirit, new dreams.
The Prime Minister said that technology is only beneficial when it benefits the common people. 
Good luck to you.
His ability to deal with natural disasters, from storms, hurricanes, floods to forest fires, and to help the countrymen has been amazing.
All the best wishes and blessings to Hanya.
Everyone remembers the positive role of the UN in its efforts to establish peace in the world.
A special campaign was launched in 2016 to identify leprosy.
He said, "Wishing the people of Meghalaya on the special occasion of the State Establishment Day.
• Capital expenditure on infrastructure-related projects has increased this time by 49 per cent compared to last year. 
My condolences and the condolences of every Indian are with his family in this hour of sorrow.
Two days later, we will celebrate the birth anniversary of Shastri Ji along with the devotee Bapu.
Apart from farming, he can also earn money by selling electricity from solar farming.
Addressing the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total value of all the projects inaugurated or laid the foundation stone today is more than Rs 14 thousand crore.
This year, the seeds of Rabis have increased by 6 per cent compared to last year.
The refusal to enforce a court decision can only be done in accordance with international practices.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre will play an important role in spreading Dr. Ambedkar's vision and education. 
India's defence preparations are guided by these ideas.
The security insurance scheme has provided risk insurance to millions of people who are in dire need of it.
I will also visit religious sites that have cultural ties with India.
The Prime Minister called for the adoption of a "can change" approach to ensure positive change.
The government is also working towards the goal of having every person in the country have their own home by 2022. 
It will facilitate effective institutional dialogue between India and Thailand.
The two leaders also agreed to promote bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the existing benefits between the two countries.
His impressive performance in the semi-final will always be remembered.
For this, the scope of legal education in India needs to be expanded.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global. 
This is another area that can become a link to further connecting our societies.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with toilets, water and electricity facilities by 2022.
Plastic consumption per capita in India is considerably lower than in many parts of the developed world.
12. Training and research of food industry operators
This is the fourth such event in a series where the Prime Minister is interacting with the beneficiaries of various government schemes through video bridge. 
The Prime Minister will then visit the Wall of Unity and inaugurate it.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sector.
He also explained in detail how all government schemes and initiatives aim to empower the poor to fight poverty.
In the next two months, we will all be busy in the election ghetto.
It is a joy for us that after health benefits, our Arun Ji is also among us today.
My personal contact with the leaders, government, industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old. 
Yoga is a code of conduct that connects people with life and then connects humanity with nature.
The United Arab Emirates is one of our most valuable partners and close friends in a significant part of the world.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that playing with future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.
Russia has provided support on its behalf for India's membership in the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
He said that a teacher lives on the stream of lifelong knowledge.
His Excellency Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
He said that the cooperative movement can play a key role in achieving these objectives. 
We wish for peace and prosperity for all.
He said that the projects unveiled today will play a significant role in the development of sectors such as education, health, employment, skills development, transport, power, sports and tourism.
Shri Narendra Modi will launch the mass e-house entry of 25,000 beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri Househas Yojana through video conferencing.
We will work hand in hand with the countries of this region to deal with disasters.
Congratulations to ISRO for the successful launch of India's largest, largest and most advanced communications satellite - GSAT-11.
Now the incorporation of the company is a matter of one day.
Every year, an average of Rs 32 thousand crore is spent on water conservation and water management apart from the ManRega budget.
He included almost all aspects of Hinduism in just 11 sections.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I am saddened by the passing of Ustad Hussain Saeeduddin Dagar.
The Prime Minister spoke about topics such as climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of discussion. 
These heroes gave themselves for the protection of hundreds of crore Indians.
The Prime Minister said that GST will promote a modern tax administration that will be relatively easier and more transparent and will help tackle corruption. 
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the military sector but also in the factories of the defence construction industries.
It provides for the creation of a framework and a conducive environment for understanding each other's powers, markets, technology, policies etc.
This is the special beauty of India that spirituality and science are complementary in our culture.
The Prime Minister said that a quarter of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector of a country. 
He congratulated all the soldiers, ex-servicemen and their families on Army Day.
We stand with Portugal in this hour of sorrow.
School children associated with Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister. 
Chartered Accountants have played a very important role in this historic occasion.
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
My dear countrymen, hello.
But if something outside of what you had touched came, if something outside of what you had asked, you would come down.
Regional and international cooperation will help to advance such projects.
Shri Modi said that young athletes should be encouraged to engage in sports in their schools and villages. 
His unfathomable courage is a source of inspiration.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system. 
This feeling of attachment to the country and love for the countrymen was rooted in the rags of that great man, from the small to the small.
He told NITI Aayog that it should take follow-up steps with the States on the suggested actionable points within three months.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance in registering the unorganized sector workers working around. 
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi met and interacted with a group of 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries working in the Government of India on Wednesday. 
He expressed hope that the medal winners will not lose their fame and awards in the glitz and will focus on excellence.
He is also remembered for his work in the field of education and other social causes.
Let us make our strength a part of India's strength.
For this, they need a lawyer specialising in mediation.
The Prime Minister said, "I remember ShyaMji Krishna Varma on his birthday.
His ideas and ideals have had a profound impact on society.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of tribes during the next five years.
He aims to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
This will help in improving health and maternal care for the vulnerable sections of society.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Security Mission.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective. 
My dear countrymen, in the Mention of Mind, we are talking about individuals and institutions who are doing some extraordinary work for society.
Last month, our space scientists made a unique record.
In terms of the number of domestic and international tourists coming to Kerala, Kochi is in the first place.
The strength of the India-US strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
He said that people should get knowledge about local history as well as the archaeology of their cities and regions. 
Overall, this will boost the social and economic activities of the state, creating new employment opportunities for the local people.
India's various economic reform agendas, including GST, were praised. 
It brings goodwill to the society by making families sensitive to society.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have been golden years for the relations between the two countries. 
The resolution also reviewed the handling of public complaints in 17 areas.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capacity and enterprise.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and hard work of our farmers for their achievements in agriculture since independence. 
These are some examples of reform.
Khadi is emerging as a powerful tool in empowering the poorest person in his life, making a difference in the lives of the poorest person.
Over the last three years, we have made tireless efforts to ensure ease of doing business.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is among the major economies in the grip of banking crisis.
He will address the public assembly.
Today, cross-border transactions are steadily increasing due to e-commerce and increasing cross-border mobility of people. 
But for me, coming to Def-Expo is my first chance.
It is a work that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogis and even the common man.
You see, if everyone in a state says this, then I will tell the government to look into it and to prepare publicity on the seven common things that have come from every state.
As of May 2018, more than 5 crore women have been organized into 45 lakh self-help groups.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
Over time, the popularity of these events increased.
I will also address a public meeting.
It is estimated that there are more than two crore graduates of engineering and management in our country.
To continue our commitment to this area, I am pleased to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the extra-regional areas under this project.
Later, in 1945, when the freedom struggle took hold, he prepared a revised copy of that idea.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving the issue related to the terrorist attack.
This will provide clean fuel (PNG) to homes, industries and commercial units.
This month, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, Vedangi Kulkarni, has become the fastest Asian to circumnavigate the world on a bicycle.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister said that water is a gift of nature. 
He will attend the ceremonies on the occasion of one year of the state government.
Therefore, the government is trying to ensure that every citizen has access to healthcare.
Dear countrymen, February 1, 2017 marks 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
The Prime Minister said that India will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi from October 2.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been set up in the districts affected by leftist extremists in 2016-17.
I wish the health of all those injured as a result of the rail accident to the Lord.
The exam itself should be an opportunity of happiness.
He said that high-speed corridors will emerge as a rapidly growing sector in the future.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the first phase of Riverfront Development in Patna. 
In the case of cooking gas alone, 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidy through bank accounts. 
His achievement is particularly important because he made his challenge the means of his success.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also developed an effective scheme at its level.
Three other terminals are under construction in Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
Foreign investment in this sector is invited.
However, I am satisfied that this is the second meeting between India and Portugal in six months.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish salesman.
Prime Minister Modi said that defence relations are an important pillar between India and Japan. 
Cyprus is the eighth largest investor in India.
This will save about Rs 27 lakh worth of fuel per day.
More than 90 per cent of approvals are obtained through the route itself.
• The Union Government will issue immediate financial assistance of Rs 325 crore for Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep. 
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in trade, the Prime Minister said that the Government is encouraging honest traders and workers through the GST, Bankruptcy and Insolvency Code.
The Prime Minister also met with representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance. 
India and Cyprus have close economic relations.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organizations working to protect the environment.
Gujarat has made a significant contribution to the history of the country, especially during the freedom movement.
In fact, we have now entered a period which many have called the Asian century.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a Mission Mode initiative for India's 100 most backward districts.
The campaign is launched and people are invited to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
He said that Shri Vajpayee was such a great person, who was loved and respected by people from all sections of society.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps being taken for Scheduled Castes and other backward classes.
The one-month campaign will be conducted to determine the distance from Haridwar to Patna by river rafting.
We are with the families of the victims.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful means and dialogue. 
But the situation in most houses is that more of the members of the House are in trouble than the members of the House.
If the world is to develop fully, it will have to create mutually supportive relations between producers and consumers.
Our parents still emphasize on focusing on studies and academics.
Every young player is a symbol of New India.
If these are among the youth of a country, then the country will not only progress in the fields of economy, science and technology but also in sports.
Security and Defence Cooperation has given a new dimension to our relations.
The Prime Minister also worshipped a special prayer under the Statue of Unity.
The Japanese people have led the world in the field of sustainable development.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of being proud of our history and our archaeological heritage. 
He said that the effort to change the tourism sector is a continuous effort. 
Special notified zone in India Diamond Bursa has started from November, 2015.
Beneficiaries who borrow under this scheme will be provided interest subsidy on loan amount up to Rs.
I commend the Election Commission for its continuous efforts to strengthen our democracy.
The railway is likely to significantly reduce travel time by running between the two cities.
The two leaders shared their views on their respective approaches to foreign policy to achieve global prosperity and security. 
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our Javanese security forces stationed at the border.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga.
He has always inspired hundreds of crore countrymen to achieve this goal.
Can we imagine what the mind will be like when the world is so small?
When I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, I started a similar movement with this spirit.
Nearly all countries of the world have made this occasion of yoga their own.
He said that the organisation of such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of convergence among our youth.
The two sides agreed to seek opportunities for joint cooperation in wildlife products including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, wood, through joint investment, production, processing and skilled labour.
It is considered the best global programme in the world.
I thank Chief Minister Ramayya Ji and his entire government for the cooperation and efforts made to organize this programme and make it successful.
Referring to the family and collective traditions of the islands, he said that this is the strength of Indian society for a long time. 
Every sector of society, every class of people, gave themselves to Mahatma Gandhi's call in the freedom struggle movement.
When works like the Encyclopedia of Hinduism are made available in different languages, our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country are increased.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been set up. 
I salute all those heroes with heart, respect.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than 7,000 dollars per year.
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
On behalf of the people of Gujarat and Maharashtra and the farmers who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister thanked the people and government of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada service journey.
33. Both sides expressed their interest in developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the joint scientific research area, including the Arctic and other regions. 
Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful testing of the Agni-V.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
Right now, most countries have limited insurance for the middle to upper middle class.
They are currently travelling to different parts of India as part of the initiative called Vatan Ko Jano. 
President Ghani conveyed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
The Agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
Today, there was a detailed discussion between the President and me.
This is an area where India needs to improve to remain competitive.
We have taken a major step to provide education facilities in higher educational, technical and professional institutions, besides reservation for the poor of the common class.
The Prime Minister discussed cooperation between India and Israel in the areas of innovation such as food, water, health and energy. 
We are also pleased to share with you India's holistic healthcare traditions like Yoga and Ayurveda.
The first phase is connected to infrastructure such as highways, railways etc. while the second phase is ensuring that the benefits of development reach the general public.
5. Both countries called on all countries to reduce global tensions and to promote the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and open cooperation in inter-state relations. 
All this will affect energy demand.
India is also working on e-mobility.
But when we talk about Ganesh festival, it is very natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak Ji.
Best wishes for today's match.
During the last two financial years, we have achieved about 55 billion USD of FDI. 
My dear countrymen, today when we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and also about Man Ki Baat, I want to share with you an episode related to Netaji's life.
I am particularly pleased to welcome the HM Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Hon'ble Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event. 
The Prime Minister said that'sweeping is our responsibility' and that this spirit needs to be developed in all of us.
Once in Kolkata, during a match, an opposition player hit a hockey ball on the head of Dhyan Chand Ji.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest. 
IPPB will provide facilities such as savings and current accounts, money transfer, direct profit transfer, bill and utility payments and enterprise and commercial payments.
Our trade cooperation with Europe and South East Asia is world-class through spices.
I am also looking forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries, including the BRICS, at the Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue on September 5 under the auspices of President Xi Jinping.
In search of peace from the stress of modern life, people often start to consume tobacco, alcohol and even drugs etc.
The Prime Minister will address the crowd present on the occasion. 
All parties will make a very good contribution.
I was at the Agriculture-Unnati-Mele held in Delhi the other day. 
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians. 
On the occasion of International Yoga Day, many Yoga related events are being held across the world.
I see immense opportunities for investors who have not yet been able to exploit them.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
Talking about the progress made so far towards this resolution, the Prime Minister said that over 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far. 
He said that the spirit of innovation of our ancestors must be kept alive.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and India on Cooperation in the field of Agriculture and Food Industry. 
His life was dedicated to eliminating suffering and injustice from society.
This will be the second visit of the Prime Minister to Solapur.
The MoU was signed in New Delhi on 6 January 2017.
Likewise, you are seeing that the discussion is moving forward in the country about holding the elections of the Centre and the States together.
But someone has to make this decision for the country.
Reading helps people to increase their thinking range.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who gave their lives for the defence of the country after independence. 
And so we will all together build a India where the poor have a clean house, electricity, water.
We have focused on removing the obstacles that were preventing us from reaching our full potential.
They were an inspiration to activists like me.
The Prime Minister said that the Centre Government will do everything it can to provide sufficient water to the farmers. 
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining the spirit of the cooperative movement, which he said is still largely sustained in rural areas. 
Our domestic market is divided into pieces.
Within a few hours, the video on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook generated a tremendous interest among people. 
Over the last two years, we have been moving towards a system with a low tax rate in the corporate sense.
He urged children to study hard and develop an interest in sports.
These experiences will enrich your life.
He said that today the launch of IPPPB is another important step towards achieving this objective.
Health and Wellness Centres are an important part of Ayushman Bharat Yojana to ensure overall health.
This is why Yoga is gaining acceptance all over the world.
He appreciated the security equipment being used in the security of the country.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for peace our soldiers fought all over the world.
We are also aware of Japan's tremendous contribution to the development process in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa. 
The inaugural phase will be operational from Aluva to Palarivattam.
Your contribution is widely appreciated in Sri Lanka and beyond.
But knowledge is still our best guide.
This will result in the expansion of health facilities which will create a large number of jobs.
He also discussed his efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development. 
Reviewing the progress of Pradhan Mantri Housing Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister discussed the commitment of the Centre towards providing housing for all by 2022. 
This is not only the highest FDI so far but also the highest growth in India's FDI. 
The Prime Minister said that a number of schemes have been implemented to provide social security to workers in the unorganized sector during their old age, such as Ayushman Bharat for health coverage, Pradhan Mantri Jyothi Bima Yojana for life insurance and Pradhan Mantri Sakhti Bima Yojana for physical disability.
If someone sends photos of the efforts of children, then there is a story of the team efforts of the youth.
During the same period, 11,641 additional settlements have been connected to roads.
My dear countrymen, in Man Ki Baat, the Aakhwani is always filling with new colors with its imagination.
He said there is a strong need to prepare a proper blueprint at the district level so that we can understand our diverse talents and plan infrastructure accordingly. 
The Prime Minister has appreciated the efforts being made by the State Government to tackle this unprecedented crisis. 
The Prime Minister will pray before the Statue of Unity.
This time, every devotee will be able to see the purity of Akshayukt after the holy baths in the Sangam.
Another important aspect of this project is that about a thousand women and 23 transgender people are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail system.
46. Together, we will build a India free from terrorism, communism and casteism. 
There are good news of rain in many places these days.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but it has also emerged as a country that is eradicating poverty at the fastest pace.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
I hope that the new course will further strengthen the financial skills of newcomers in this profession.
Almost all the taxpayers in India will benefit greatly from this.
2. Drug regulation and drug quality control; 
I have shared a strong commitment with you to take our bilateral relations to a new level. 
There, they will unveil a plaque as a sign of launch of certain facilities for visitors.
He reiterated the commitment of the Union Government to provide universal coverage of seven major schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 aspirational districts by August 15, 2018. 
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
My dear countrymen, I am not a yoga teacher.
The theme of the IEF-16 is "The Future of Global Energy Security".
And for this you people have to take tough steps too.
He appreciated the participation of cities in challenging projects.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister presented the programme as an example of Indian traditions. 
Everybody says that, but do we have any responsibility?
They had the power and intelligence to show the British rulers their mistakes.
The Pika Rebellion was carried out in Odisha in 1817 against the British Raj. 
This payment was ensured to be made to the farmers through sugar mills. 
Consumer protection is an important component of enhancing and strengthening trade in this sector.
Therefore, if new technology is used in the construction of new houses in India, it will bring additional benefits.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have inspired the whole world.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officials to interact with each other. 
The Prime Minister said that I am delighted to know that people across Tripura are celebrating the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishor Devberma Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm.
I hope that these will continue to do exemplary work to prevent plastic pollution. 
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will be developed in this area.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Centre has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people. 
This MoU will help the Academy to spread its experience to NIPAM to run training institutes for higher civil services in the country. 
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been achieved in this state thanks to various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, MUDRA Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Yojana and Saufaghi. 
These amendments will enable our arbitration process to align with the best practices of the world.
The delegation fully supported the Prime Minister's objective of making India a 50 trillion dollar economy in the near future. 
He appreciated the officials who have been instrumental in this change.
Even attempts were made to destroy the trust of Indians.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a timely manner. 
He expressed confidence that through scientific thinking, technological innovation and R&D, graduate students will play an active role in transforming agriculture into a profitable business. 
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to the same goal of Mahatma Gandhi. 
He said that Adi Shankaracharya had united India through Vedas and Upanishads.
Private companies are also joining a large number of them through the portal.
The two leaders also agreed to contribute jointly in a positive and constructive manner to the sustainable solution of global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development and food security and other challenges.
I once again wish you all the best of Ramanvami.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji, is not only the first Guru of Sikhs but also the world-guru.
Starting a new business in India has now become easier than ever. 
However, legal reforms can only yield the desired results when an effective and efficient dispute resolution system is available. 
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Centre will consider their demands. 
A Chair for Indian Studies has been set up at the University of Lisbon.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
He said that implementing it is a complex task which could be the subject of study for the future. 
The two sides expressed their commitment to continue mutual support and coordination on various platforms including BRICS and ITU. 
Together we will build a India free from terrorism, sectarianism and casteism.
The demand for aviation fuel is expected to increase fourfold by 2040, as the aviation sector develops.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the nation on the 71st Independence Day today from the Red Fort. 
He said that under Pradhan Mantri Household Yojana, a comprehensive campaign is underway to provide a permanent home to the poor in cities and villages. 
The Indian delegation, led by Minister of Commerce & Industry & Civil Aviation Shri Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in September 2018. 
When India is clean, healthy, then India will also be prosperous.
And last year was also the silver anniversary of our diplomatic relations.
The Prime Minister said that the benefits of India's success are also available to our partners.
He congratulated all those involved in the construction of this statue.
On the occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida. 
It is considered an occasion of worship of Vidya.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the two countries on cooperation between India and the UK in the field of law and justice and the formation of a joint advisory committee. 
In a public meeting held in Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed Rupee cards to account holders under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. 
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Jalpaigunda Jamfaal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patangli Research Institute in the Haridwar district.
He announced the immediate provision of an additional assistance amount of Rs 500 crore under the SDRF.
I would also like to thank Ankdat who has taken this initiative of India forward with strength and played an active role in bringing it to this stage.
He said that as a society, it is essential to be connected with our history.
At this time, the expectations of the country, the feeling of doing something, are also natural.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the MoU between the National Corporation of Indian Small Industries and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation. 
People shared the troubles of the storm with the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister also spoke about the immense potential of tourism in the North East region. 
He also called for innovation in areas such as skills development and tourism.
Our partnership in the energy sector is an important bridge of our connections. 
Shri Modi said that Shri Vajpayee is one of the best speakers of his country so far. 
The Union Cabinet has given its prior-action approval for the signing of the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful use of outer space under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi. 
He said that tourism is highly likely in Varanasi and every effort should be made to keep the city clean. 
59. Both sides expressed their commitment to further strengthen nuclear non-proliferation at the global level. 
He will witness the e-house entry of 240 beneficiary families.
He also mentioned that sports also help in the development of personality, confidence building and overall development.
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the safety of these ships.
The growing depth and diversity of our relations is more evident than the legitimacy of our Look East Policy and the New South Policy of the Republic of Korea.
At the same time, it is the country's important responsibility to protect its citizens.
The objective of both sides is to establish cooperative institutional relations to encourage technical bilateral cooperation on innovative and renewable subjects on the basis of mutual benefit. 
The Prime Minister said that this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of our nation's people for freedom.
We are very happy to have this opportunity to increase our engagement with the Bank and its members.
I would like to thank and congratulate those of you who are already present in India.
He gave the highest importance to education and social reform.
Tourism will be added value only if we not only meet but try to understand it as a student.
He appealed to the expatriate Indian community to inspire at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
Today we are gathered here with the belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
Through our Make in India initiative, investments have received extensive support from other programmes like Digital India and Skill India.
Friends, Inflation has also benefited the poor and middle class consumers from the inflationary measures.
My best wishes to all of you.
The Prime Minister will also interact with various stakeholders related to the mission. 
Responding to those who had raised the moans of the cleanliness campaign announcement from the Prime Minister's Red Fort, he said that today, due to the extensive implementation of the cleanliness campaign, 97 per cent of the population now have access to clean toilets.
Many events are being held across the country in the wake of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their business.
Many Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
The two leaders also agreed that given the extensive developmental experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China as two important countries and emerging economies should join hands to provide unique and sustainable solutions to address the challenges facing humanity in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve a lot in the sport of football. 
The same game is known by different names in different places.
Your disappointment will turn into faith.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment ties, we have amended the Double Taxation Prevention Agreement. 
It has been embraced by our democratic traditions, which emphasize entrepreneurship and seek modernization for the prosperity of our economy, while emphasizing both wealth and value creation.
India has more than 300 million middle class consumers.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for the devotees who come to the semi-Kumbha. 
They can also be called nutritionally rich and climate-friendly decisions.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to develop an understanding of yoga.
Any accumulation of dirt or impurities within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is now not limited to national capitals but has now expanded to the capitals of our States.
This includes photography and geotagging.
The PM Relief Fund will provide assistance at the rate of Rs 2 lakh to each family of the deceased and Rs 50 thousand to the seriously injured person.
The Prime Minister discussed Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards cleanliness.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
The second edition of Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held today and tomorrow in Yangon.
Sister Nivedita started work on cleaning faucets and roads without worrying about her health.
Along with these, other changes have also attracted the attention of the global community.
India and Portugal are also strong partners on the international stage.
The various education boards across the country will start the process for board exams for class 10 and 12 in the coming weeks.
The Prime Minister described the traditional, cultural, trust and friendly relations between India and Israel. 
He said that specific targets should be set for these districts based on different criteria in a short time frame. 
As an experienced MP, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
17. Proposal to expand vaccination in all States. 
The Russian side offered expertise in tax collection with the help of satellite-based technologies, taking into account joint projects in India, including the outline of the aforementioned industrial corridors. 
He said that a new culture needs to be developed through the use of technology to benefit farmers in the agricultural sector as well.
In response to a question of a team working for the creation of rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where equal opportunities are available to all. 
The examination was conducted in a manner that was open to discussion on various topics related to the examination.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become cheaper than all other energy sources.
Together with SBS, SBS development can be our guide light for cooperation and actions in South Asia.
He said that our youths can never be dismissed.
He gave examples of the various ways in which he responded with a response from the audience.
The aim of R&D projects is to accelerate social change by providing solutions through the application of science and technology.
The Prime Minister will also launch an Innovation and Start-up Policy for Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
This reduces their productivity.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) had started its operations related to financing in January 2016. 
Its scope is wide across South Asia.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Housing Yojana.
Our dear leader, former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji, had clearly said that human rights are not a perennial concept for us. 
Not only I, but the whole of India and South Africa are eager to hear the views of the President.
The Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission till November 2018 to investigate the subject of sub-categorization of other backward classes in the Central List. 
The Union Government has decided to celebrate 07 March 2019 as the Jan Aushadhi Day across the country to raise awareness and promote the use of generic medicines.
Several Union Ministers participated in the meeting.
He said that in this context, India must make its place in the world.
He said that this event is being held to honour the women Sarpanch who have made a huge contribution to the Swachh Bharat campaign. 
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its prior approval to the MoU between India and Singapore for cooperation in the field of urban planning and development. 
The Prime Minister expressed his deep condolences on behalf of himself and the people of India over the loss of lives and property caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in Sulawesi Region of Indonesia. 
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
The UAE can benefit from the development of our manufacturing and service sector.
President Vidodo thanked the Prime Minister for his sympathy and assistance. 
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and the people of here will emerge from the flood-related challenge strongly and successfully.
The Prime Minister called on these students to take concrete action in this direction to realize their vision. 
The Prime Minister said, "We are very proud of our youth.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from PM-Kisan Yojana. 
He said he was happy that in the last few years there has been good progress in this direction.
The delegation appreciated the Prime Minister's stance on the issue of triple talaq. 
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being adopted under the overall education campaign. 
There was a time in the past when some Indian products gained global reputation.
Nikki Haley also extended her best wishes to Prime Minister Modi on behalf of US President Trump during the meeting.
First of all, I express my deep condolences to the people who have died in the recent earthquake in Aceh.
Through dialogue, the farmers will have the opportunity to meet the Prime Minister.
In this context, he referred to the Diwali and Diwaliyapan Code.
Welcoming the delegation members, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and harmony.
India House heroes in London, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with a grand ceremony.
After a while, the new year of 2017 will begin.
He said that Germany's innovation and Indian youth can provide momentum in the space sector. 
My condolences to the people who lost their loved ones in the loss of life caused by the Jagdalpur-Bhuwaneshwar Expressway. 
He said that enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century. 
The day of the birth of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and devotion.
They also agreed to broaden their efforts to further develop existing connections through pre-established systems to create the largest possible platform for future relations.
This holy month of Ramadan will surely help to advance this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a significant role in helping to mobilize the necessary resources. 
I have been informed that Rs 1.20 crore has been given to this foundation during the last two years.
This is not your life condition.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy country.
The Agreement on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Affairs between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia will be signed on behalf of the Government of India and will ensure that the national legal expectations necessary for the implementation of this Agreement are met. 
The movement was mainly aimed at the younger generation.
He said that the Union and the State governments would be keen to make sports popular. 
This can only happen when long-term investments are made in business, which creates employment opportunities and sustainably promotes economic growth.
He also dedicated the first phase of Madhya Pradesh Electric Locomotive Plant to the nation.
Thus, it will benefit all sectors and sections of the country.
The growing co-operation between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to give new momentum to the global economy. 
We have to take the individual with us, the people with us, every segment of society with us, and we have to move the country forward by taking this.
This is a living example of a changing environment.
Therefore, Swami Vivekananda had said, "The extension of life is the contraction of death".
He said that Kisan Pratapada Yojana is helping to strengthen the supply chain from the farm to the market and create modern agricultural infrastructure. 
I would like to ask once again that we continue the campaign that Khadi has launched.
Let us shape our partnership and reconciliation in such a way that it ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankan people, and also touches your life. 
Congratulations to all sports lovers on the opening of synthetic track at the USA School of Athletics.
We will work towards a qualitative high level of military-to-military cooperation.
He laid the foundation stone of this institute in April, 2015.
In modern times, more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers have given their lives in the world wars of the last century.
His leadership and tireless efforts on social reforms helped the disadvantaged people a lot.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights Policy.
Every year, a large number of pilgrims visit these two places.
The Ujjwala Yojana for Clean Energy, Swachh Bharat Yojana for Health and High Given, Jan-Dhan Yojana for Financial Inclusion, are reflections of this spirit of the people of the country.
Shri Govind Singh believed that the greatest service is to alleviate human suffering. 
GST programmes and tough measures against corruption have helped people to conduct business honestly.
His Highness and I have discussed ways to turn our energy relations into a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
Our goal is to make a big leap in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
It is therefore an honour for me to welcome a great friend and supporter of India.
First, the size of the cabinet in the States was reduced to 15% of the total assembly seats.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will be easily accessible to the most remote places and people living there across the country.
Today, 100 years ago, in 1917, the movement of Satyagraha was started for the first time in Champaran under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
This will not only facilitate the movement of railways, but also help in the overall development of the Bundelkhand region.
My dear brothers and sisters, yesterday we have celebrated the Infantry Day.
I assure you of all possible assistance from the Government.
71 countries of the world including India participated in it.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi's vision was not limited to his treatment but he wanted to bring him into the mainstream of our society.
Many people have written, sent letters, shared their fitness mantra  fit India stories on social media.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the scheme for setting up new medical colleges attached to existing district/referral hospitals.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to the skill development of rural youth through Dinadayal Endyodai. 
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working to shift development from isolation to integration in all the less developed parts of the country.
This fully automated and state-of-the-art coastal installation project will ensure the safety of petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh.
He said that the officials present at this conference today have provided the right leadership despite working in a negative environment.
It contributes to our energy security.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
The government has launched a series of transformative initiatives.
I would also urge the listeners of Man Ki Baat who are engaged in Sanskrit to consider how to advance the suggestions of Komal Ji.
I wish you all the best on National Voters Day.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
We have full confidence in the courage of our soldiers.
The dialogue between us has been enhanced at every level.
The signing of the Trade Measures Agreement today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today addressed the centenary of Patna University. 
Historically, temples have played a remarkable role in our society.
We are both a democratic country full of diversity.
Just two days ago I wrote a letter to all the governments of the world, all the leaders of the world, regarding Yoga Day.
My dear countrymen, on November 4th, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak's birth anniversary.
The situation in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu regarding the distribution of water in Kaveri is very sad.
Three years ago you gave me the responsibility of the chief servant.
The Prime Minister recalled his meeting in Malaysia in May 2018. 
He said that the Agricultural Science Centre will also play an important role in this direction. 
According to the World Bank and IMF, this pace will continue.
To leave the house for the first time, to leave the village, to leave the protective environment, you have to become your own sarthī.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia also spoke of mass public awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
There are opportunities that are waiting to be used.
You're right.
Now this is the great power of our tourism.
As part of this, the government has started training a lakh Raj Mistry.
In this event, we won 3 medals in mixed events besides 13 medals.
I am happy to announce that the State Government has declared 19 June as Reading Day.
He said that it is also the responsibility of the people gathered here to do everything possible to fulfil their expectations.
Both these sites are living proof of the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the common people of India and Nepal.
In many parts of the country, the weather has been improved by heavy rains.
We need to change this thinking.
He said that our armed forces are conducting an average of 10 major joint exercises with allied forces every year. 
India is going through a period of many major changes today.
This is why many letters have come about agriculture.
Former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam Ji, always spoke of rural development of Nanaji Deshmukh when he spoke to the youth.
He reiterated India's commitment to a strong and robust bilateral policy partnership with the United States. 
He worked hard for Delhi's progress, especially to ensure better infrastructure.
The Prime Minister said that I feel compassion for those affected by floods in different parts of Bihar. 
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything possible to help the states affected by cyclone storms. 
As we have implemented the Sendai framework, we will welcome new opportunities for regional and international cooperation. 
Likewise, when you are strong as a country, you can also live in peace with all of you.
As a result, Japanese industries have established partnerships with the Indian economy on an even larger scale. 
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that many young people of Andaman had dedicated themselves to India's freedom on Netaji's call.
There were also several national flags hoisted.
He will also address the ex-servicemen on the occasion.
The daughters of this country are sewing clothes for themselves and their families.
A small nomadic community in the remote areas of the Nilgiri Plateau of South India has been displaced, traditionally their settlements are made from local resources.
The Prime Minister called for accelerating the work related to the redevelopment of railway stations and for creative work in the area of non-rent revenue. 
The Prime Minister said in a tweet that the Centre has assured the Bihar Government of all possible assistance to deal with the situation of floods and is closely monitoring the situation. 
Fifty cities in India are ready for the implementation of metro rail projects.
He expressed his happiness that the States are now hosting investor conferences.
If you look at the world map, it is clear that India and South Africa are both located in very important places in the Indian Ocean.
Taking into account the Prime Minister's vision to promote the spirit of science, technology and innovation across the country, this is the 5th Indian Science Congress, which will be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after taking office as Prime Minister. 
Many aspects have been revealed which can certainly be beneficial for students.
We have taken steps like issuing electronic visas to promote tourism.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi had dissolved the currents of public participation and public movement.
He said that the Union Government's goal is to develop North East India as the gateway to South East Asia. 
The Prime Minister said that when India was not free, the importance of India's heritage and knowledge assets like Yoga and Ayurveda was diminished. 
If there are grandparents, grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations can do yoga together and upload their pictures.
He said that this will be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birthday in 2019.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
I believe that the scope of reading and knowledge should not be limited to work-related aspects.
I wish all the best to all the countrymen of this holy festival.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
In this context, I congratulate the F.S.S.A.I. on this initiative.
The Prime Minister also said that like other major cities of Gujarat, Bhuj will also have a modern bus port.
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
People give donations to the needy in this holy month.
Look at how many times I have used the best, most brilliant words of this kind in the last few minutes.
The MoU was signed in April 2017.
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a source of pride for all. 
All these projects have immense potential for Japanese industry.
This is changing the supply perspective.
The Prime Minister mentioned the remarkable technological progress made by Israel and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
Results of the Budget Session
The Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was established in 1947 to encourage students to continue their studies.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji also composed the Guru Bhani to speak his words.
Now some people may say why did you take two years?
They are also taking skills development courses.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammad for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia. 
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekananda that she gave up her happy life and devoted her life to the service of the poor.
Progress has been recorded in important projects in the road and railway sectors such as Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, KoziGund-Banihal Tunnel, Chinab Railway Bridge and Jiribaba-Infal Project.
The Prime Minister agreed that a strong partnership can be conducive to innovation, economic growth, sustainable solutions and mutually beneficial trade and investment. 
As of August 2017, Indian troops have served in about 50 of the 71 peacekeeping operations of the UN around the world. 
They want political stability and an auxiliary regulatory system to ensure the protection of their investments.
He told the officials that it is important to develop close ties with people to be successful in tasks and objectives.
This will prove to be extremely important for both countries, taking into account the shared cultural heritage of both countries. 
He made a trio of remarks in Khardung-la, Ladakh on August 15, 2017.
The Prime Minister said that India believes that the world is a family and with this spirit it is fulfilling its global responsibilities. 
In August 2016, a strict rule was made to curb anonymous transactions.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, youth will take India to new heights. 
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is this: We invite you to participate in the Make India programme.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the loss of lives caused by the storm in Tamil Nadu. 
He also performed worship at the Sri Padmanabh Swami Temple.
A pro-alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
57 squads of the NDRF, including 1,300 personnel and 435 sailors, have been deployed in search and rescue operations.
In this context, the Prime Minister also discussed the initiatives taken in the field of air and water connectivity. 
This railway line will be the gateway to Tripura for South and South East Asia.
(b) A top post of the General Controller of Communications Accounts (CGCA) will also be constituted.
We will also get a new joy and satisfaction in carrying forward the journey that Atal Ji had started.
The Government is firmly committed to walking the path of fiscal consolidation.
At the same time, the people here have a deep understanding of social responsibility and moral conduct.
Social media is changing disaster response.
The high-level review meeting was attended by the PMO, NITI Aayog and officials from other ministries.
Addressing the audience on the occasion, the Prime Minister called the conference a new beginning in the direction of the public sector. 
On the arrival of the holy month of Ramadan, I wish the people of India and the world, especially the Muslim community, the best of wishes for this holy month. 
UN staff, diplomats from around the world, everyone participated.
I congratulate all those athletes who are coming back with medals.
He also issued a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
He said that only those who respect women can truly take pride in the words of the opening words of Swami Vivekananda's address to the brothers and sisters of America.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
We have removed the obstacles and improved the average rate of implementation in these sectors.
To create world class universities in the field of education, we have taken a big step to break free from the bonds.
In this regard, he discussed India's digital infrastructure and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM and GEM.
During the last three years, my government has paid special attention to the development of the overall infrastructure of the country.
Japan's role in our mega projects such as the Dedicated Freight Corridor, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail highlights the scale and speed.
This will end the nearly 24 years-long issue.
We have agreed that water efficiency and resource use, water conservation and its purification, and increased productivity in agriculture are key areas in strengthening our bilateral cooperation. 
He said the main focus of the government is to improve access to preventive healthcare and affordability and treatment. 
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
You have seen how the attacks have been carried out within 100 hours.
Since the time of Upanishads, people of knowledge have been honored for centuries.
I thank you especially for your phone.
As two and a half thousand years ago, the message of Lord Buddha is relevant in the 21st century.
Shri Narendra Modi said during the dialogue that the Dinadayal Antyoday Yojana-National Rural Ajivika Mission has been launched in all the states.
Both countries share a lively and growing relationship between the people.
Prime Minister of Mauritius Shri Envind Jagannath will be the chief guest of the 15th edition of the Praswati Indian Day Conference. 
Who is not a fan of Harmanpriet Kaur?
The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual summit meetings including multilateral programmes.
This decision of the government will give more credit to small shoppers, small industries.
He said all stakeholders involved in the health sector are working together to bring about a radical change in this sector. 
At the 23rd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolving consumer complaints. 
He said that these steps are bringing about change in the lives of ordinary people.
He will also showcase a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameshwaram through video conferencing.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lahatara.
I wish all the students, their parents and all the teachers who passed the examination the best of luck.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
Indian Navy Chief Admiral Sunil Lamba was also present on the occasion. 
Today is the birth anniversary of Vir Savarkar.
My participation in the summit reflects our commitment to India's high priority towards its neighbours and to the continuing deepening of our relations with neighbouring countries in Southeast Asia.
The Unum-Pavva of Chhat-Puja is completely connected with nature and nature worship.
He appealed to all persons present to work towards 100 per cent sanitation coverage till Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birthday, 2 October, 2019. 
I am saying that this is the 21st century of Asia.
It provides a mechanism for capturing the increasing value of land.
The gallery is 153 meters high and can be seen by 200 guests at a time.
So many young people leave their homes for the first time, to give a new direction to their lives.
Now I am talking specifically about food processing.
I am saddened by the passing of George Saab.
India's per capita income has doubled in the last 10 years. 
He invested his entire life's earnings by relying on just one sign of yours.
Let us move forward with this mantra.
Shri Jo Ye L Drow briefed Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men are from our country.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is now beginning and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games. 
Another example of this is India's renewable energy programme.
Similarly, advance notice has been issued for the cyclone.
Emphasis was placed on women empowerment and women's honour.
It is especially essential to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the oppressed, the victims and the disadvantaged.
Secretary Carton informed the Prime Minister of the progress made towards the decisions and consultations taken in June this year. 
At the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in resolving complaints related to post offices and railways. 
Shri Narendra Modi said that today connectivity is essential for development.
During this time, the campaign team will be stationed in Bisanur, Narora, Farukhabad, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi and Buxar.
I had appealed to turn Brain-Drain into Brain-Gain.
Today, the whole country is celebrating the festival of freedom along with the festival of Jannamasthami.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will meet the healthcare needs of the region.
It contains the original verses of the Bhagavad-gita including the vaccine.
It works as a link.
The huge size and growth of the Indian market has immense potential.
We are committed to doing what is truly and green.
Last year, about three and a half crore people have taken advantage of this.
Rajnie expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, so his father encouraged him by using all the means possible.
Singaporean companies have become major partners with India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
The Prime Minister has also congratulated the people of Andhra Pradesh. 
My condolences to his entire family, friends and supporters in this sad hour.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle was a popular movement because of Mahatma Gandhi's efforts. 
Therefore, a comprehensive rapid transport system is necessary to deal with the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
He inaugurated Swadesh Darshan Yojana with the unveiling of a plaque.
Now is the time to discuss this, to find a way.
Together we will build a India where young people and women will have ample opportunities to realize their dreams.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today attended the Cooperation Conference in New Delhi on the occasion of the birth centenary of Shri Lakshmanrao Inamdar. 
He praised the Ministry of AYUSH for setting up the All India Ayurveda Institute.
The whole atmosphere is filled with holy fragrance.
Jan Dhan Yojana has connected millions of people to the back-working system.
In a joint statement on maritime cooperation, we have unveiled the framework of our cooperation programmes in this area. 
The Prime Minister appreciated the close cooperation in the areas of investment, urban development, civil aviation and skills development. 
We have used technology to reach people.
If children in our family are also interested in sports, then they should be given the opportunity.
He asked the authorities to draw up an action plan during the Revenue Gyan Sangam to reduce the lateness of these cases.
The Prime Minister will address the centenary celebrations of Patna University. 
Our UPI or United Payments Interface System, as well as BHIM App and Rupee Card, are also reflecting the real potential of the digital economy in India. 
Our players have done well and on this strength, India has become the Asian Cup champion after ten years.
Continuous availability of water is crucial for agriculture.
He also distributed PM-SYM pension cards among the beneficiaries.
India has emerged as a bright country in the global economy, which is also giving new momentum to growth at the global level. 
Our mantra is Swabka Sath, Swabka Vikas.
The Prime Minister said today that the life of a player is extended for many decades. 
13. Informing and informing citizens on sanitation and food security and healthy eating habits.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are motivated by a broad understanding on issues of mutual interest. 
7. Any other area of cooperation based on mutual decision. 
He said that we are entering a period of increased energy availability, but unfortunately more than a billion people in the world are still far from electricity.
I am also saying that India and Japan will play an important role in the development of Asia.
The Prime Minister said that 1.5 lakh health and welfare centres are being built under Ayushman Bharat. 
It has the power to change the climate of the whole country.
I am saying that the 21st century is the century of Asia.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
He successfully launched 104 satellites into space through a single rocket launch.
• The country will achieve nothing by standing with those who have plundered the country.
This time in the monsoon session, we have all come together to present an ideal.
The world is also facing the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change. 
He was honoured with the Padma Shri earlier this year.
Since the Council was formed 50 years ago, the industry has progressed rapidly in India.
He recalled Bangladesh's honour of Indian military personnel in New Delhi last year. 
The Prime Minister stressed on ensuring maximum benefit for the poor and the lower classes of society under this scheme.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Ravindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to step up to the world's progress, but keep their Indianity. 
My dear countrymen, in a few days the Ganesh festival is coming.
Thanks to the vast energy of our country's youth, we are presenting India as a global manufacturing hub.
Stable, hopeful and transparent laws are redefining the nature of doing business in India. 
He said that the result of these programmes has been that India has jumped 42 places in the ranking of ease of doing business in the last 4 years.
5. To prepare hospitals for the exchange of good facilities;
If you look at his life, you can see the whole of India.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern. 
People have also started giving one another Khadi dishes as gifts.
Every athlete representing India at the Commonwealth Games 2018 inspires us.
The exhibition has shown more than a hundred good practices and imitations.
First of all, congratulations to all of you for the International Conference on the important topic of Consumer Protection.
In 2015, the Indian economy was faster than many major economies.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okah and Beit Dwarka.
We are also looking at various strategies for better waste management. 
Brazil is one of our most important economic partners in Latin America. 
Both leaders will also make their statements before the media.
There is no shortage of talent in the country.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government.
These are the reasons for our fight against black money.
This October is a month to remember so many of our great men.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
When Savarkar Ji was born, I read a book and it inspired me to visit the cellular prison.
Now, people will be empowered through smartphones and digital devices with the aim of making financial services accessible to them.
Calling it a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM scheme to 42 crore workers of the unorganized sector of the country.
The meeting was attended by Gujarat Chief Minister Shri Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and State Government, disaster relief agencies and senior officials of PMO.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will boost the industrial development of Odisha and will work towards improving the standard of living of the general public in technology. 
I wish all the best to all the countrymen of India for these festivals.
We noted that the priority of President Temer is to revive the domestic economic agenda in Brazil. 
9. Ambitious goals including key health indicators and motivating for other tasks.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
These projects are related to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
He dedicated various development projects to the nation in Raibareli, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone.
Last days, our dear poet Neeraj Ji left us.
It is sad that for a very long time we have called the events of 1857 simply an insurrection or a soldier's insurrection.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
He also said that several announcements have been made in the Budget to fulfill this objective.
The Prime Minister visited the memorial in its entirety.
Both leaders expressed confidence that the strong partnership between India and the United States will continue to be an important factor in global peace and prosperity. 
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the cooperation process. 
Captain Mitali Raj is leading the team.
During the last three years, everyone has made their own efforts towards water conservation and water management.
For the first time, the triangular colour was chanted on the 75th anniversary of the Independence of India.
The committee also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to eradicate corruption in the government system through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures. 
Our partnership will be extended to combat terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
He said that the premiums have been reduced through the Pradhan Mantri Harvest Insurance Scheme, the maximum fixed limit on insurance has been removed and the amount of claims to be distributed to farmers has been increased.
Congratulations to daughter Shivangi.
The world is committed to the climate change agenda on the basis of the COP-21 agreement. 
The Prime Minister expressed his pleasure that Mahatma Gandhi's beloved Bhajan Vaishnava Jan was sung by artists from 150 countries around the world.
Honorable Speaker, on behalf of the House, on behalf of the countrymen, I congratulate you and wish you all the best.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and discussed with the IPS examiners of the 2015 batch. 
We know how the fruits of progress and prosperity are distributed among the common man.
The Prime Minister said that the people of Gujarat consider the day after Diwali to be the start of the new year.
So a lot of new people have been trained to vote.
2. Support in the development of human resources and health services and establishment of health facilities.
Our festivals have a special focus on saving rivers and water.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of the residential areas have now been connected to rural roads.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is underway.
There is always room for every positive change in our country.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Change (NITI Aayog)
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and libraries in the country are also in Kerala.
The good results are also coming to light.
This MoU was signed on July, 2017.
The Union Government has been keeping a close eye on the flood situation in Kerala.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
Reiterating his commitment to fulfill the dream of a prosperous and developed India, I pay homage to Atal Ji on behalf of all of us.
Our discussions included all issues related to bilateral relations.
This was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015. 
The results of these efforts are now coming to light.
Today, due to lifestyle, due to the ups and downs, due to increasing responsibilities, it is becoming difficult to live a life free from stress.
Pollution-free technologies, sea-based solutions, modernization of farms, food processing, health, life sciences and agricultural sector were discussed.
Through radio, I am in a way connected to millions of families every month.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
In a desert like Rajasthan, the Bishnoi society has shown us the way to protect the environment.
The Prime Minister said that the songs and music of Bhupen Hazirika have been appreciated by the people from generation to generation.
You too should take part in this and especially I urge that children should show these things.
