In a natural way, we all experience how things progress.
He believes that the simultaneous rise of India and China as two large economies and important powers, including strategic and decision-making freedom, is of regional and international importance.
With the resolve of 125 crore countrymen, for the sake of 125 crore countrymen, with the sacrifice and austerity of 125 crore countrymen and we know what is the power of collectivity.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits of 100 young people from science-related academic disciplines.
He changed the fate of not only himself but also of his region through organised efforts.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan, and the United Arab Emirates.
We need to support such initiatives through policies and actions.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
We both agree that all countries need to take urgent action against nations that create terrorism in our region, support, shelter them, and allow these factories of terror to persist.
It is also necessary to have a framework of co-operation for expeditious action in cases involving consumers from other countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
It is inspired by the teachings of truth of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
Under the able leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continue to touch new heights of achievement.
India's development needs are vast and real.
On a mutually agreed date, the award will be presented to Mr. Modi by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation.
She rendered her services to thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in the inaccessible areas there.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Siachen where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
It was a constant act of demeaning our culture and making us feel inferior.
Dedicated freight corridors are being developed to decongest the railway network in the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has prayed for the safety of all those affected by the inclement weather due to Cyclone Wardha.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards furthering national integration.
I look forward to participating in the centenary celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram.
Bilal Dar is young but a source of inspiration for everyone interested in cleanliness.
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, new zeal, new enthusiasm, new energy.
The passion for football is quite deep in Portugal.
The Prime Minister said that student organisations should give more importance to cleanliness during the campaign for university elections.
We want to build land, sea and air connectivity in the region.
It was Atal ji's unparalleled leadership that laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the 21st century.
We have taken many decisive steps and created a governance system that will help India realise its potential.
It may be revoked by one party after six months' written notice to the other party.
Conversely, if a person cleanses the dirt around him, he gains energy, and he himself does not accept the existing adversities.
I had thanked all the parties that day as well.
He also asked senior officers of the central government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
The MoU will help move towards attracting Saudi Arabian institutions for potential investment in the infrastructure sector in India.
The poison of casteism, the poison of sectarianism, can never do good to the country.
We salute the courage of the Indian Army and their invaluable services.
He said the central government has approved 100 per cent FDI in the healthcare system.
Trade and investment relations between us are getting stronger.
With the tradition of selling as much Khadi as there was since independence, I humbly say today, the sale of Khadi has already doubled.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his birth anniversary.
Being partners in democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and vision for regional and global peace.
He taught people the importance of cleanliness and service through his works.
I hope this will help us move forward.
The Prime Minister directed the insurance companies to conduct special camps to assess the losses and compensate the affected families and beneficiaries under social security schemes within a stipulated time.
For this, I thank Kidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
I appealed to people to give each other a book instead of a bouquet of good wishes.
Calling for a focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an important step in this direction.
He also mentioned the Defence Production Joint Ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and frigates.
Our trees and forests have grown by one per cent in the last 2 years.
The Prime Minister said that with the efforts of the government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
India had previously won the Asia Cup in 2003 and 2007.
Different taxes in different states have made goods and services more expensive.
I urge all of you, let's join this initiative.
I am thankful to Akbar Sahib.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distance between the two cities, but will also bring people living hundreds of kilometers away closer to each other.
He also encouraged the teachers to bring digital transformation in their schools and surroundings.
In his message, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has said; "Greetings on World Environment Day.
Any request for an increase by the state government will be considered.
Similarly, social justice is also an important governance goal.
He has also pledged to get his only son to join the CRPF.
Food processing is the way of life in India.
His game has made us all proud.
He said that through this conference, the top police officers get a holistic view in understanding the problems and challenges.
The Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
India has shown tremendous resilience at a time when the global economy is in a period of uncertainty.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
On behalf of all the countrymen, I wish him a bright future.
In the year 2001, Atal ji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
An amendment to the Arbitration Act will now speed up the arbitration process.
In this way, national assets will be put to the best use in the national interest.
He said that he himself has visited the North Eastern Region more than 25 times in the last four years.
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
Let us take the positivity forward.
Kochi was selected as a smart city in January 2016 under the first round of the challenge process.
Prayer, spirituality, and charity are given great importance in Ramadan.
In terms of scale of operations and high value addition, an investor is also attracted by the huge domestic market, availability of skilled workers, and better physical infrastructure.
Agreement for Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial Matters
Action against corruption
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister laid a wreath at the Martyrs' Column and visited the Cellular Jail.
The Prime Minister said, "It gives me immense pleasure to join the closing ceremony of the Narmada Seva Yatra at Amarkantak in Madhya Pradesh tomorrow afternoon.
In addition to this network, various universities will be able to carry out specialized research work in these two areas on disaster issues, which will prove to be more relevant.
Authorities are working to provide all possible assistance in the aftermath of the storm.
I especially request my young friends to participate in tomorrow's interaction.
We are bringing our importance to the world today through the 'Tejas' aircraft.
This is the vision shared by me, President Xi, and Prime Minister Li.
I am happy that Bhupen Da has been awarded the Bharat Ratna.
Even if it is 2 minutes, it also expresses collectiveness, resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world are fixed on India and yoga for a permanent solution to these problems.
We don't want to spend 10 years deliberating without any concrete outcome.
Keeping this in mind, the central government is also running the Sagarmala program.
The sale of Khadi gift coupons has registered a growth of around 680% during Diwali.
He said that the implementation of GST shows that India is capable of taking big decisions as well as implementing them fast.
I myself did not imagine this widespread flow of spontaneous enthusiasm of people towards yoga.
With these measures, our economy is now on a fast track to growth.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, about 55,000 people performed yoga together, setting a new world record.
He recalled his address during Mann Ki Baat in 2017 in which he had appealed for holding artificial parliaments in districts.
All these are aimed at bringing about sweeping changes in the country and paving the way for the creation of a 'New India'.
More than 100 public utility services have been made available to the citizens of the country through their mobile phones through the UMANG app.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays early in the morning through yoga.
For me, Atal Ji's demise is a personal and irreparable loss.
Together, we will build an India where there will be no compromise on corruption and nepotism.
The Prime Minister assured the athletes that the government would provide them with all necessary assistance and facilities.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Forest Rights Act is being implemented strictly keeping in mind the interests of the tribal population.
When you read inside, you will learn how today our youth try to change the life of an ordinary person by using technology smartly and creatively.
And I know how much an action against black money can do to any political party to eliminate shell companies.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where technical applications involving high pressure and high temperature are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "We are proud of Kidambi Srikanth's victory at the Australian Open.
The economic and social benefits of the metro rail system are obvious.
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
Specialized arbitration bar associations need to be developed.
The country is run by peace, goodwill and unity.
The Founding Conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
He said that efforts are being made to showcase India's glorious past and dynamic future.
The remarkable work done by Captain Nishad for the empowerment of the poor will always be remembered.
It has been one of the countries with the highest growth rates in the Eurozone in 2016.
Barriers previously encountered during the decision-making process and approval have been removed.
I congratulate the crores of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games-2018 will inspire the youth towards sports and raise awareness about the importance of a healthy life for every individual.
Noting the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the matter is currently sub judice.
The alliance has set a target of achieving 1000 GW of solar power capacity by 2030 through an investment of US $1 trillion.
But I was inspired by the courage, ingenuity and determination of the people to overcome the disaster.
He said that Amul is not only associated with milk processing but is also a great model of empowerment.
People are writing letters from far and wide.
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country is today seeing how the vision of next-generation infrastructure is rejuvenating the country's transport infrastructure.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to further expedite the relief and rescue operations in the state.
Referring to the Atal Incubation Centre, he said that startups have now started joining it.
The Prime Minister said that there is no dearth of capabilities, capabilities and resources in India.
He said that the countries of the world are willing to walk the path of peace and stability with India.
We have a strong and favourable investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
Incorporation of Tai Khamti in place of Khampti in serial number 6.
He exhorted the states to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission to encourage outcome-based allocations and expenditure reform.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a section of the new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro on 25 December.
The Indian saga of economic revival reflects quite closely the remarkable progress made in many other parts of Asia.
The Russian side expressed interest that Russia would like to participate in the international competitive bidding process when the Ministry of Railways of India decides on projects to increase the speed of trains.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the love he received in Kutch was unparalleled.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
The Varanasi Convention Centre project is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto, Japan, and Varanasi.
The President and I agree that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
Our past has always been moderately woven inward.
More than a thousand archaic laws have been abolished.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He said that areas near the sea can become the epicentre of our Blue Revolution.
Both sides underlined the importance of cooperation in the field of traffic education, personnel training and scientific support for the implementation of international traffic corridors.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority sectors.
I am confident that the deliberations at this forum will bring the benefits of clean, affordable and sustainable energy to the citizens of the world.
The Prime Minister said, "Today, Jan-Dhan Yojana completes three years.
I am happy that today this resolution is being fulfilled.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the judgment will be disposed of by the court within a year.
The Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the supply of the world.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their gurus, mentors and coaches, and their teachers who have guided them since childhood.
He also believed in the power of education.
This new tradition of public participation for our country... It is our effort to take the country forward through public participation.
In this direction, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
The rapid growth of other systems is in the interest of producers.
I want to see this kind of reading and library movement all over the country.
During the last two-and-a-half years, over Rs 1.25 lakh crore of black money was brought into the open.
I congratulate Bilal Dar very much.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
India is now moving towards a sweet revolution.
Even today, a Japanese township has been announced.
Talking about self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor of the society, especially women from rural sections.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
The Prime Minister will also release the blueprint of the Harit Rameswaram project.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and the respect extended to him throughout his visit.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where piped cooking gas is being provided.
Brothers and sisters, Irrigation projects are progressing.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas pave the way for a New India.
Earlier, he condoled the loss of lives due to forest fires in Portugal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate the birth centenary celebrations of Nanaji Deshmukh tomorrow (October 11, 2017) at IARI, Pusa, New Delhi.
As far as 2017-18 is concerned, 55 percent of the total expenditure of 64 thousand crore rupees i.e. about 35 thousand crore rupees has been spent on works like water conservation.
My dear countrymen, like every time, this time also I have received all your letters, emails, phone-calls and comments in a very large amount.
The progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring a positive change in the lives of common people.
The following areas of cooperation are covered under the MoU: -
Therefore, the Indian Ocean occupies a special place in the policies of the government.
Together, the two countries are contributing to creating a more connected and wider world than ever before.
Prime Minister Modi said, "I will meet President Halimah Yacob of Singapore on 1 June.
It is painful to see people affected by a disaster.
The Prime Minister interacted with various beneficiaries of government schemes through video bridge for the fifth time.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
He said the central government attaches the highest importance to the development of eastern India.
His calm approach to the game will definitely help the entire team.
He referred to the various steps taken by the Central Government against black money, including the demonetisation of currency, in the last three years, and the crackdown on elements indulging in corruption.
This year World Environment Day seeks to address a very important challenge.
I will go to Haifa today to pay homage to our brave soldiers.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of the mission.
The Prime Minister spoke of the work being done towards modernising the transport infrastructure.
In order to fulfill this motto of Sabka Saath-Sabka Vikas, the government is bringing some new schemes for 125 crore citizens of the country on New Year's Eve.
Addressing an enthusiastic crowd on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that today Motihari is witnessing the same spirit of mass movement that was seen in the Champaran Satyagraha a century ago.
Our special emphasis has been on implementing the various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
President Temer's visit will open the way for cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will also not lag behind any other state in this race, and will keep pushing and moving forward.
I am confident that today's discussions and decisions will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
Our ancestors have lived it for centuries.
Countries that leave behind their heritage also lose their identity.
He said that we have to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
"On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
Livelihoods have reached the hands of the poor.
Strategic partnership
During the last three years, about 150 lakh hectares of land have been benefitted to a large extent through such water conservation and water management measures.
In the evening, the Prime Minister visited various routes in the city to evaluate development works in Varanasi.
Sikkim's first and the country's 100th airport - Pakyong was inaugurated. India won the Under-19 Cricket World Cup and Blind Cricket World Cup.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
This allowed more and more Indians to hoist their national flags.
The Prime Minister will first launch the new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
1.25 billion Indians look forward to welcoming the leaders of ASEAN countries as our chief guests at India's 69th Republic Day celebrations.
The International Conference of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is being held in California, USA this year.
In just a few hours, we will all welcome the New Year of 2017.
There was a demand for a constitutional seat to the OBC Commission for years.
We remember with pride the sacrifice of our army.
I hope that at every level, at all times, as much emphasis is placed on rights as on duties.
Addressing the people on the occasion, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, recalled the contributions of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, especially his contribution to the unity of the country.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis has been laid on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and emotional connect for the entire North Eastern Region.
It has become the world's main growth engine.
In India, if we compare the effects of cyclones in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be visible.
This reflects India's desire to set global standards.
The projects reviewed today include construction of four new AIIMS in Delhi, Mumbai Industrial Corridor Mangalagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
In fact, the 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the people of Japan.
In order to increase energy efficiency, my Government has been giving priority to the Railways.
Institutions also contributed to it in a big way.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Finland on Environmental Contribution.
If a new era of honesty had not begun in the country, in the country's economy, was it possible?
The event featured a mass recitation of Soundarya Lahari.
The 1.25 billion citizens of India will welcome with new resolutions, new enthusiasm, new zeal, new dreams.
The Prime Minister said that technology is beneficial only if it benefits the common man.
Best wishes.
His spirit of dealing with natural calamities from storms, tornadoes, floods to forest fires and helping the countrymen has been amazing.
All the best and blessings to Hanaya.
The efforts of the UN to establish peace in the world, its positive role is remembered by everyone.
In 2016, a special campaign was launched to identify leprosy.
"Greetings to the people of Meghalaya on the special occasion of their Statehood Day.
Capital expenditure in infrastructure projects has increased by 49 per cent this time compared to last year.
My thoughts and every Indian's are with his family in this hour of grief.
Two days later, along with Pujya Bapu, we will also celebrate Shastriji's birth anniversary.
At any time other than farming, he can also earn by selling electricity from solar farming.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that all the projects inaugurated or for which foundation stones have been laid today have a total value of more than 14 thousand crore rupees.
Rabi sowing this year is 6% higher than last year.
The court's refusal to enforce the ruling can only be made in accordance with international practices.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play an important role in spreading Dr. Ambedkar's vision and education.
India's defence preparedness is guided by these considerations.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana has provided risk insurance to crores of people who desperately need it.
I will also visit religious places that have cultural links with India.
The Prime Minister called for a "chalta hai" approach and a "chalta hai" approach to ensure positive change.
The government is also working towards the goal of every person in the country having their own house by 2022.
It will facilitate effective institutional interactions between India and Thailand.
The two leaders also agreed to pursue bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements existing between the two countries.
His powerful knock in the semi-finals will always be remembered.
For this, the scope of legal education in India needs to be expanded.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
This is another area that can become a link to further connect our societies.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with a house with toilet, water and electricity facilities by 2022.
Per capita plastic consumption in India is significantly lower than in many parts of the developed world.
12. Training and research of food industry operators.
This is the fourth such event in a series of interactions by the Prime Minister through video bridge with beneficiaries of various government schemes.
The Prime Minister will then reach the 'Wall of Unity' and inaugurate it.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sectors.
He also elaborated on how all government schemes and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
Over the next couple of months, we will all be busy with electioneering.
It is a matter of happiness for us that after his recovery, our Arun ji is also among us today.
My personal contacts with Japanese leaders, government, industry, and people go back almost a decade now.
Yoga is a code of connecting people with life and then connecting mankind with nature.
The UAE is one of our most valued allies in a significant part of the world, and a close friend.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that "playing with future generations would be an immoral and criminal act."
Russia provided its support for India's membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
He said that a teacher is associated with a lifelong stream of knowledge.
Your Excellency Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
He said that the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these objectives.
We aspire for peace and prosperity for all.
He said that the projects unveiled today will play an important role in the development of sectors like education, health, employment, skill development, transport, power, sports and tourism.
Shri Narendra Modi will launch the mass e-Gruh Pravesh of 25,000 beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana through video conferencing.
We will work shoulder to shoulder with countries in these regions to deal with disasters.
Congratulations to ISRO on the successful launch of India's heaviest, largest and most advanced communication satellite - GSAT-11. "
Now the corporatisation of the company has become a matter of a day.
Every year, an average of ₹32,000 crore has been spent on water conservation and water management, excluding the MGNREGA budget.
He incorporated almost all aspects of Hinduism into just 11 volumes.
In a message, the Prime Minister said; "Saddened by the demise of Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar.
The Prime Minister talked about topics such as climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of the discussion.
These bravehearts sacrificed themselves in the defence of 1.25 billion of us Indians.
The Prime Minister said that the GST will promote a modern tax administration that will be easier and more transparent and will help curb corruption.
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the battlefield, but also in the factories of the defence manufacturing industries.
It provides for frameworks and conducive environment for understanding each other's strengths, markets, technology, policies, etc.
It is a special beauty of India that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture.
The Prime Minister said that one-fourth of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector in one country or another.
"Warm greetings to all soldiers, veterans and their families on Army Day.
We stand in full solidarity with Portugal in this hour of grief.
School children belonging to Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
The most important role on this historic occasion is that of Chartered Accountants.
My first two engagements will be at the Sabarmati Ashram.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
But if something outside of what you had dealt with came up, a question outside of what you had prepared, you would come down right down.
Regional and international cooperation will be helpful in furthering such actions.
Shri Modi said that young athletes should motivate the youth in their schools and villages to take up sports.
His indomitable courage is a source of inspiration.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong advocate of a multilateral trading system.
This feeling of attachment to the country and love for the countrymen was ingrained in the veins of the great man with a small stature.
He asked NITI Aayog to take follow-up action with the states on the actionable points suggested within three months.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance to unorganized sector workers working in the vicinity to register.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
He hoped that the medal winners would not get lost in the glare of fame and awards and would focus all their attention on excellence.
He is also remembered for his work in the field of education and other social concerns.
Make your strength a part of India's strength.
For this, they need a lawyer specializing in mediation.
"Remembering Shyamji Krishna Varma on his Jayanti.
His ideas and ideals have had a profound impact on society.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of the tribes during the next five years.
Their goal is to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
This will help in better health and maternal care for the weaker sections of the society.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Prime Minister's National Health Protection Mission.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', we talk about individuals and institutions who are doing some extraordinary work for the society.
Last month, our space scientists set a unique record.
Kochi ranks first in terms of the number of domestic and international tourists visiting Kerala.
The strength of the India-US strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
He said that people should get to know about the local history and the archaeology of their cities and regions.
Overall, this will give a fillip to the social and economic activities of the state, creating new employment opportunities for the locals.
There was praise for India's various economic reform agendas, including the GST.
It brings goodwill to the society by making the families sensitive towards the society.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have been golden for the relations between the two countries.
The redressal of public grievances in 17 areas was also reviewed.
India has always been a motivating factor for others in terms of intellectual ability and enterprise.
The Prime Minister appreciated the spirit and hard work of our farmers for their achievements in agriculture since independence.
These are some examples of improvements.
Khadi is emerging as a powerful tool in the lives of the poorest of the poor, hand-looms are transforming the lives of the poorest of the poor and empowering them.
During the last three years, we have worked tirelessly on the ease of doing business front.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is the least vulnerable to the banking crisis among major economies.
He will address a public meeting.
Today, cross-border transactions are steadily increasing due to e-commerce and increasing trans-border mobility of people.
But this is my first time coming to DefExpo.
In fact, it is an act that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even the common man.
You see, if everyone in a state says so, I would ask the government to scrutinize it and prepare propaganda literature on what seven common things have come from each state.
As of May 2018, more than 50 million women have been mobilized in 4.5 million self-help groups.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
The popularity of these events grew over time.
I will also address a public meeting.
It is estimated that there are more than two crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am happy to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the off-region areas under this project.
Later in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared a revised copy of the idea.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving the matter related to the terrorist attack.
This will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries, and commercial units.
This month, Vedangi Kulkarni, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, became the fastest Asian to cycle around the world.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister described water as a gift from nature.
He will attend functions to mark the completion of one year of the state government.
It is, therefore, the endeavour of the government to ensure subsidised healthcare to every citizen.
Dear countrymen, 1st February 2017 marks the completion of 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
The Prime Minister said India will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi from 2nd October.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremism in 2016-17.
I pray to God for the recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
The exam itself should be a joyous occasion.
He said that "High Speed Corridors" will emerge as an area of growth with rapid pace in the future.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development in Patna.
In the case of cooking gas alone, 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts.
His achievement is special because he made his challenge the medium of his success.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also made effective plans for this at its own level.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Ghazipur.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
However, I am satisfied with the fact that this is the second dialogue between India and Portugal within six months.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish vendor.
Prime Minister Modi said that the defence relationship is an important pillar between India and Japan.
Cyprus is the eighth-largest investor in India.
This will save about Rs 27 lakh worth of fuel per day.
More than 90% of approvals are automatically routed.
The central government will release an immediate financial assistance of ₹325 crore to Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest traders and workers through GST, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers' Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
India and Cyprus enjoy close economic relations.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organisations working to protect the environment.
Gujarat has made significant contributions to the history of the country, especially during the independence movement.
In fact, we have now entered what many have dubbed the 'Asian Century'.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode initiative for 100 most backward districts of India.
As soon as this campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the armed forces.
He said that Shri Vajpayee was a great personality who was loved and respected by all sections of the society.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps being taken for the Scheduled Castes and Other Backward Classes.
The month-long expedition will cover the distance from Haridwar to Patna through river rafting.
We are with the bereaved families.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful means and dialogue.
But the situation in most of the houses is that the umpires are more disturbed than the players.
A mutually supportive relationship has to be built between producers and consumers if the world is to develop as a whole.
Our parents insist on focusing on studies and academics even today.
Every young player is the identity of New India.
If there are these in the youth of a country, then that country will not only progress in areas like economy, science and technology but will also make its mark in sports.
Security and defence cooperation have given an emerging new dimension to our relations.
The Prime Minister performed a special puja under the Statue of Unity.
The Japanese people have led the world in the field of sustainable development.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of taking pride in our history and our archaeological heritage.
He said that the effort to transform the tourism sector is a continuous effort.
The Special Notified Zone at Bharat Diamond Bourse has come into existence with effect from November, 2015.
Under this scheme, interest subsidy will be provided to the borrower on the loan amount up to two lakh rupees.
I commend the Election Commission for its continued efforts to strengthen our democracy.
The train is likely to significantly reduce travel time as it runs between the two cities.
The two leaders exchanged views on their respective visions on foreign policy for achieving global prosperity and security.
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our Jawans security forces deployed along the border.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
He always inspired 125 crore countrymen to achieve this goal.
We can imagine what the state of mind will be when the world collapses at this young age?
It was with this spirit when I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat that I launched a similar movement called 'Vanche Gujarat'.
Almost all the countries of the world made this opportunity of yoga their own.
He said that organizing such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of debate among our youth.
Both sides agreed to explore opportunities for joint cooperation in forest products including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, timber through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
It is considered to be the best global event in the world.
I thank Chief Minister Ramyaiah ji and his entire government for organizing this event and for the cooperation and efforts made to make it a success.
Referring to the family and collective traditions of the islands, he said this has been the strength of Indian society for a long time.
In the movement of the freedom struggle, every sector of the society, every section of the people dedicated themselves to the call of Mahatma Gandhi.
Our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country increases when a work like Encyclopedia of Hinduism is made available in different languages.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been established.
I bow to all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than $7,000 per year.
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
On behalf of the people and farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the government of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
33. Both sides expressed interest in developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the field of joint scientific research, including in the Arctic and other areas.
"Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful test firing of Agni-V.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
Right now, most countries in the region have limited insurance coverage to the middle to upper middle classes only.
He is currently travelling to various parts of India as part of an initiative called 'Vatan Ko Jano'.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
The agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
Today, there has been a detailed discussion between the President and me.
This is one area where India needs to improve in order to remain competitive.
"We have taken a major step to provide education facilities in higher educational, technical and professional institutions besides providing reservation for the general category poor," the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister discussed cooperation between India and Israel towards innovation in areas such as food, water, health, and energy.
We are also happy to share with you India's holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
Of these, the first front is related to infrastructure such as highways, railways, etc., while the second front is ensuring that the benefits of development must reach the general public.
5. Both countries called on all countries to reduce global tensions and encourage the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency, and openness in inter-state relations.
All this will affect the demand for energy.
India is also working on e-mobility.
But when it comes to Ganesh Utsav, it is very natural to miss Lokmanya Tilak ji.
All the best to you for today's contest.
During the last two financial years, we achieved about $55 billion in FDI.
My dear countrymen, today when we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and that too in 'Mann Ki Baat', I want to share with you an anecdote related to Netaji's life.
It gives me special pleasure to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Honourable Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
The Prime Minister said that there is a need for all of us to inculcate in ourselves the spirit that "cleanliness is our responsibility."
Once in Kolkata, during a match, an opposition player hit Dhyan Chand ji on the head with a hockey ball.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
IPPB will provide facilities such as savings and current accounts, money transfers, direct benefit transfers, bill and utility payments, and enterprise and commercial payments.
Our trade cooperation with Europe and Southeast Asia through spices is world-renowned.
In addition, I look forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries, including the BRICS countries, at the Emerging Market and Developing Countries Dialogue hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
In search of peace from the stresses of modern life, people often start consuming drugs such as tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering on the occasion.
There will also be a very good contribution from all parties.
I went to the Krishi Unnati Mela held in Delhi recently.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
On the occasion of International Yoga Day, many events related to yoga are being organized all over the world.
I see immense potential for investors that has not yet been tapped.
He said he was committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
Speaking about the progress made so far towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed so far.
He said that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and India on cooperation in the field of agriculture and food industry.
His life was dedicated to ending suffering and removing injustice from society.
This will be the second visit of the Prime Minister to Solapur.
The MoU was signed on 6th January 2017 in New Delhi.
Similarly, nowadays, you see that discussions are going on about holding simultaneous central and state elections in the country.
But someone has to take this decision for the sake of the country.
Reading helps people broaden their thinking.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our jawans who laid down their lives to protect the country after independence.
And so together we will build an India where the poor have a pucca house, electricity, water.
We have focused on removing the barriers that were preventing us from achieving our full potential.
He was a source of inspiration for activists like me.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do whatever it can to provide adequate water to farmers.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining "zeal" in the cooperative movement, which he said still persists to a large extent in rural areas.
Our domestic market is fragmented.
Within hours, the video generated a tremendous amount of interest on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook.
During the last two years, we have moved from a corporate perspective towards a lower tax rate regime.
He called upon the children to study hard and develop interest in sports at the same time.
These experiences will enrich your life.
He said that the launch of IPPB today is another important step towards achieving this objective.
Health and wellness centres are an important part of the Ayushman Bharat scheme to ensure holistic health.
This is why the acceptance of yoga is growing so rapidly around the world.
He appreciated the security equipment being used in the security of the country.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for the sake of peace our soldiers fought all over the world.
We are also aware of Japan's tremendous contribution to the development process in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa.
The phase to be inaugurated today will operate from Aluva to Palarivattom.
Your contribution is widely valued throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
But knowledge is our best guide even today.
This will result in expansion of health facilities which will create a large number of jobs.
They also exchanged views on their own efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development.
Reviewing the progress of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government's commitment towards providing housing for all by 2022.
This is not only the highest ever FDI but also the highest ever increase in India's FDI.
Prime Minister Modi said that several schemes have been implemented to provide social security to workers in the unorganized sector during old age such as Ayushman Bharat for health coverage, Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana for life insurance and Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana for physical disability.
Some send photos of the children's efforts, while others tell a story of the team efforts of the youth.
In the same period, 11,641 additional habitations have been connected by roads.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', All India Radio is also always adding new colours with its imagination.
He said that there is a strong need to create proper blueprints at the district level so that we can understand our diverse talents and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
The Prime Minister has appreciated the efforts being made by the state government to deal with this unprecedented crisis.
The Prime Minister will offer prayers in front of the 'Statue of Unity'.
This time every devotee will also be able to have a pious darshan of Akshaya Vat after the holy bath in the Sangam.
Another important aspect of the project is that about a thousand women and 23 transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi metro rail system.
46. Together, we will build an India that is free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
There are reports of good rainfall at many places these days.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but has also emerged as a country that is eradicating poverty at the fastest pace.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
I hope that the new course will further strengthen the financial skills of newcomers to this profession.
Almost the maximum number of taxpayers in India are going to benefit a lot from this.
Drug regulation and drug quality control;
I have shared with you a strong commitment to take our bilateral relations to a new level.
There they will unveil a plaque to mark the launch of certain features for visitors.
He reiterated the Union Government's commitment to provide universal coverage of seven flagship schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts by 15 August 2018.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
My dear countrymen, I am not a yoga teacher.
The theme of IEF-16 is' The Future of Global Energy Security '.
And for this, you people will also have to take strict steps.
He appreciated the participation of cities in challenging tasks.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister presented the event as an example of Indian traditions.
Everyone says this, but do we have any responsibility?
He had the power and intelligence to show the British rulers the mirror of their mistakes.
The Paika Rebellion was waged in Odisha against the British Raj in 1817.
This payment was ensured to the farmers through sugar mills.
In such a situation, consumer protection is such a subject that is an important component of increasing and strengthening business in this sector.
Therefore, there will be additional benefits if new technology is tried to be used in the construction of new houses in India.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
Mahatma Gandhi's thought has inspired the whole world.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries Programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officers to interact with each other.
The Prime Minister said, "I am happy to note that people across Tripura celebrate the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm."
I hope these plastics will continue the exemplary work of curbing pollution.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in the region.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Union Government has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
The MoU will help the Academy to disseminate its experiences to NIPAM for running training institutes for higher civil services in the country.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in the state due to various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Scheme, and Saubhagya.
These amendments will enable our arbitration process to align with world best practices.
The delegation strongly supported the Prime Minister's goal of making India a $5 trillion economy in the near future.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in this change.
There were even attempts to erode the confidence of Indians in them.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a time-bound manner.
He expressed confidence that through scientific thinking, technological innovation and R & D, the graduating students will play an active role in transforming agriculture into a profitable profession.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to the same goal of Mahatma Gandhi.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya united India through the Vedas and the Upanishads.
A large number of private companies are also connecting with the portal.
The two leaders also agreed to jointly contribute to sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development and food security and others in a positive and constructive manner.
I once again wish you all a very happy Ram Navami.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji is not only the first Guru of the Sikhs but he is also the Jagat-Guru.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever.
However, legal reforms can yield the desired results only if an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
The Prime Minister assured the delegation that the Central Government would look into their demand.
A Chair for Indian Studies has been established at the University of Lisbon.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
He said that implementing it is a complex task that could be the subject of study for the future.
Both sides committed to continue mutual support and coordination in various fora, including in BRICS and ITU.
Together, we will build an India free of terror, communalism and casteism.
Aviation fuel demand is expected to quadruple by 2040, driven by growth in the aviation sector.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort, on the 71st Independence Day.
He said that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign is underway to provide a permanent house to the poor in cities and villages.
The Indian delegation led by Shri Suresh Prabhu, Minister of Commerce & Industry and Civil Aviation participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in September 2018.
When India is clean, healthy, only then will India prosper.
And last year was also the silver jubilee of our diplomatic relations.
"The benefits of India's success are also available to our partners!
He congratulated all those associated with the construction of this statue.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida on the occasion.
Vidya is considered an occasion for worship.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom on cooperation in the field of law and justice and setting up of a Joint Consultative Committee.
At a public meeting in Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to account holders under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
He announced immediate release of additional assistance of Rs 500 crore under SDRF.
I would also like to express my gratitude to UNCTAD for taking this initiative of India forward with strength and playing an active role in bringing it to this form.
He said that as a society, it is imperative to stay connected with our history.
The expectations of the country at this time, the feelings of passing something, are also natural.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Small and Medium Business Corporation of Russia.
People shared with the Prime Minister the hardships caused by the storm.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential in the North Eastern Region.
He specifically called for an innovative approach in areas such as skill development and tourism.
Our partnership in the energy sector is an important bridge in our engagement.
Shri Modi said that Shri Vajpayee is among the finest orators his country has ever produced.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
He said that Varanasi has a lot of tourism potential and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
59. Both sides committed to further strengthen nuclear non-proliferation at the global level.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
He also mentioned that sports also help in personality development, confidence building and overall development.
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the protection of these forts.
The increasing depth and diversity in our relations is more evident from the comparability between our Look East Policy and the New South Policy of the Republic of Korea.
At the same time, the important responsibility of the country is to protect its citizens.
The two sides aim to establish cooperative institutional relations to encourage technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable topics on the basis of mutual benefit.
The Prime Minister said "this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifice of the people of our country for freedom."
We are very pleased to have this opportunity to enhance our engagement with the Bank and its members.
I would like to thank and congratulate those of you who are already in India.
He attached the highest importance to education and social reform.
Value addition in tourism will only happen when we try to be a learner and not just a visitor.
He appealed to the Indian diaspora to inspire at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
Today we are gathered here with the belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
Investments through our 'Make in India' initiative have received extensive support from other programmes such as' Digital India 'and' Skill India '.
Friends, The poor and middle-class consumers have also benefited financially by curbing inflation.
My best wishes to all of you.
The Prime Minister will interact with various stakeholders associated with the mission.
Giving a befitting reply to those who mocked the Prime Minister's Swachhta Abhiyan announcement from the Red Fort, he said that today due to the elaboration of the Swachhta Abhiyan, 97 per cent of the population now has access to clean toilets.
Several events are being held across the country to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary year of Mahatma Gandhi.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their businesses.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
The two leaders also agreed that given the vast developmental experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China, as two important countries and emerging economies, should join hands to take the lead in providing unique and sustainable solutions to address the challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve a lot in the game of football.
The same game is known by different names, in different places.
As soon as you see it, your disappointment will turn into faith.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment ties, we revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
It has received wings from our democratic traditions, which strengthen the spirit of entrepreneurship with an emphasis on both wealth and value creation and seek modernisation for the prosperity of its economy.
India has over 300 million middle-class consumers.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for the devotees visiting Ardh Kumbh.
They can also be called "nutrient-rich and climate-resilient" crops.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to further develop the understanding of yoga.
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but has now expanded to the capitals of our states.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
The Prime Minister's Relief Fund will provide assistance at the rate of ₹2 lakh to the family of each deceased and ₹50,000 to the seriously injured.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards cleanliness.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
The second edition of the Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held in Yangon today and tomorrow.
Sister Nivedita started cleaning drains and roads without worrying about her health.
These, as well as other changes, have received the attention of the global community.
India and Portugal are also strong partners on the international stage.
Different education boards across the country will begin the process for Class X and XII board exams in the next few weeks.
The Prime Minister described the traditional, cultural, trust and friendly relations between India and Israel.
He said that specific targets based on various criteria should be set for these districts in a short time-frame.
As an experienced parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
17. It is proposed to expand vaccination to all states.
The Russian side offered expertise in tax-collection with the help of satellite-based technologies, taking into account joint projects in India, incorporating the framework of the industrial corridor mentioned above.
He said that in the field of agriculture also, a new 'culture paradigm' needs to be developed through the use of technology with a view to benefitting the farmers.
In response to a question from a team working on creating rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where there is equal opportunity for all.
'Pariksha Pe Charcha 'was a feature of this that there was an open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas' can be our guiding light for cooperation and actions in South Asia.
He said that our youth can never be deceived.
He gave a variety of examples in his reply with a spot counter.
R & D projects aim to accelerate social change by providing solutions through the application of science and technology.
The Prime Minister will release the Innovation and Startup Policy for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
This reduces their productivity.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) started its funding-related operations in January 2016.
Its range extends throughout South Asia.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji, had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
Not only me, but the whole of India, and the whole of South Africa, is eager to hear the views of the President.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List up to November, 2018.
The Central Government has decided to celebrate 7th March, 2019 as Jan Aushadhi Diwas across the country to create awareness and promote the use of generic medicines.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers.
He said that in the same context, India has to make its place in the world.
He said that this event has been organized to honour the women Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of Urban Planning and Development.
The Prime Minister conveyed his and the people of India's deepest condolences for the loss of life and property caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
The UAE can benefit from being associated with the growth of our manufacturing and services sector.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for his condolences and offer of assistance.
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and its people would emerge stronger and successful from the challenge posed by the floods.
The Prime Minister called upon these students to do concrete work in this direction to realize their vision.
"We are very proud of our youth.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-KISAN scheme.
He said that he is happy that good progress has been made in this direction in the last few years.
The delegation appreciated the Prime Minister's stand on the issue of triple talaq.
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being adopted under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
There was also a time in the past when some Indian products gained a global reputation.
Nikki Haley conveyed US President Trump's best wishes to Prime Minister Modi during the meeting.
First of all, I express my deepest condolences to those who have died due to the recent earthquake in Aceh.
Through the interaction, the farmers will get an opportunity to meet the Prime Minister.
In this context, he referred to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and amity.
The heroes of London's India House, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with fanfare.
After some time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
He said that German innovation and Indian young start-ups can provide dynamism in the field of space.
My condolences to those who lost their loved ones in the loss of lives due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
He said that enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
The birth anniversary of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
They also agreed to broaden their efforts to further develop existing linkages through already established mechanisms to create the largest possible platform for future relations.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely help in taking forward this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as the AIIB can play a significant role in helping mobilize the necessary resources.
I am told that during the last two years, Rs. 1.2 crores have been given to this foundation.
This is not the criterion of your life.
He stressed the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy country.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the necessary national legal requirements for the entry into force of this Agreement have been met.
That movement was mainly aimed at the younger generation.
He said that the Central Government and the State Governments would be keen to popularise sports.
This can only happen if long-term investments are made in the business to create job opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
He also dedicated to the nation the first phase of Madhepura Electric Locomotive Plant.
It will thus benefit all regions and sections of the country.
The growing convergence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to provide new impetus to the global economy.
We have to take people along, people along, every section of the society along, and with that we have to take the country forward.
This in itself is a living example of a changed environment.
That is why Swami Vivekananda said, "The extension of life is the contraction of death."
He said that Kisan Sampada Yojana is helping in strengthening the supply chain from farm to market and creating modern agricultural infrastructure.
I would once again urge you to take the campaign of Khadi further and increase it.
Shape our partnership and reconciliation in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and touches your lives as well.
Congratulations to all the sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track at 'Usha School of Athletics'.
We will work towards a qualitatively high level of military-to-military cooperation.
He laid the foundation stone of the institute in April 2015.
In modern times, more than 130,000 Indian soldiers have laid down their lives in the world wars of the last century.
His path-breaking and tireless emphasis on social reform helped the underprivileged.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
Both these places are visited by a large number of pilgrims every year.
Ujjwala Yojana for clean energy to the people of the country, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojana for financial inclusion are a reflection of this spirit.
Shri Gobind Singh believed that the greatest service was to alleviate human suffering.
Programmes like GST and stringent action on corruption have helped people do business honestly.
Excellencies and I have discussed ways to shift our energy relationship in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
We aim to take a giant leap forward in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
It is, therefore, an honour for me to welcome a close friend and ardent supporter of India.
First, the size of the cabinet in the states was restricted to 15 per cent of the total assembly seats.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will reach the remotest places and people living there very easily across the country.
Satyagraha movement was first started in Champaran 100 years ago in 1917 under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
This will not only facilitate the movement of trains but will also help in the all-round development of the Bundelkhand region.
My dear brothers and sisters, just yesterday, our countrymen celebrated 'Infantry Day'.
I assure all possible help from the government.
71 countries of the world including India participated in it.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi's vision was not limited to his treatment but he also wanted to bring him into the mainstream of our society.
A lot of people have written to me showing their support for this, sent letters, also shared their fitness mantra - Fit India stories on social media.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the scheme for setting up new medical colleges attached with existing district / referral hospitals.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is working to shift development from "isolation to integration" in all the least-developed parts of the country.
This fully automated and state-of-the-art coastal installation project will ensure the safety of petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh.
He said that the officers present in today's conference have provided the right leadership despite working in an atmosphere of negativity.
It contributes to our energy security.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
The government has launched a series of transformational initiatives.
I would also request the listeners of 'Mann Ki Baat' who work on Sanskrit to consider how to take forward Komal ji's suggestion.
"I extend my best wishes to all of you on National Voters' Day.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
We have full faith in the valour and bravery of our soldiers.
Communication between us has increased at every level.
The signing of the Trade Measures Agreement today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
Historically, temples have played a significant role in our society.
We are both democratic countries full of diversity.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world regarding Yoga Day.
My dear countrymen, on the coming 4th of November, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti.
The situation that has arisen in Karnataka-Tamil Nadu over the sharing of Cauvery water is very sad.
Three years ago, you gave me the responsibility of Principal Servant.
The Prime Minister recalled their meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
He said that Krishi Vigyan Kendras will also play an important role in this direction.
According to estimates by the World Bank and IMF, this acceleration will continue.
One has to go out of the house for the first time, out of the village, out of a protective environment and become one's own charioteer.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia had even talked about mass awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities and all that for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
These are the kinds of opportunities that are waiting to be tapped.
You're right.
Now this is the great strength of our tourism.
As part of this, the government has started training one lakh masons.
In this event, apart from 13 medals, we won 3 more medals in the mix event.
I am happy to inform that the State Government has declared 19th June as Reading Day.
He said that it is also the responsibility of the people gathered here to make every effort to meet their expectations.
Both these sites are living proof of the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the common people of India and Nepal.
The weather has become pleasant with torrential rains in many parts of the country.
We need to change this mindset.
He said that our armed forces are conducting an average of 10 major joint exercises with the armies of friendly countries every year.
India is going through many major changes today.
That is why so many letters have come about agriculture.
The former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam ji always talked about Nanaji Deshmukh's rural development when he spoke to the youth.
He reiterated India's commitment to a strong and robust bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
He worked better for Delhi's progress, especially to ensure better infrastructure.
The Prime Minister said, "My thoughts are with those affected by the floods in various parts of Bihar.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will provide all possible assistance to the states affected by the cyclone.
Just as we have implemented the Sendai Framework, we will welcome new opportunities for regional and international cooperation.
Similarly, when you are strong as a country, you can be peaceful with everyone.
This has resulted in an even larger partnership of Japanese industries with the Indian economy.
Remembering Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji's call, many young people of Andaman had dedicated themselves to India's independence.
National flags of several countries were hoisted there simultaneously.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
The daughters here, today, are sewing from ordinary to fine clothes in addition to their own and their family's clothes.
Broken into a small nomadic community in the isolated areas of the Nilgiri Plateau of South India, their settlements are traditionally made up of locally available items.
The Prime Minister asked to speed up the work related to the redevelopment of railway stations and do constructive work in the field of non-fare revenue.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister said, the Union Government has assured all possible support to the Government of Bihar in containing the flood situation and the situation is being closely monitored.
Fifty cities in India are ready for implementation of metro rail projects.
He expressed happiness that the states are now organizing investor conferences.
Looking at the world map, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located in very important places in the Indian Ocean.
This is the 5th Indian Science Congress to be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after assuming charge as the Prime Minister, in keeping with the Prime Minister's vision to promote the spirit of science, technology and innovation across the country.
A number of aspects emerged that could certainly be of benefit to the students.
We have taken steps like issuing electronic visas to promote tourism.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari and Jan Andolan.
He said that the Union Government aims to develop Northeast India as a gateway to Southeast Asia.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, the importance of India's heritage and knowledge wealth like yoga and Ayurveda was reduced.
Whether it is grandparents or grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations should do yoga together and upload their picture.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
I believe that the scope of reading and knowledge should not be limited to work-related aspects only.
Best wishes to all the countrymen on this auspicious festival.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
In this context, I heartily congratulate F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
The Prime Minister also said that Bhuj, like other metros of Gujarat, will have a modern bus port.
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
People donate to the needy during this holy month.
See how many times in the last few minutes I have used such words as the best ever, the most brilliant ever.
The MoU was signed in April 2017.
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a matter of pride for all.
All these projects present immense potential for Japanese industry.
It is changing the supply perspective;
The Prime Minister noted the tremendous technological progress made by Israel, and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
Consequences of convening the budget session
In 1947, the Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was established to encourage students to continue their studies.
Guru Nanak Dev ji also composed 'Gurbani' to speak his mind.
Now some people might say why did you take only two years?
She is also doing a skill development course along with it.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammed for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekananda that she gave up her happy life and dedicated her life to the service of the poor.
The progress of important projects in road and railway sectors such as Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, Kozhikode-Banihal Tunnel, Chenab Railway Bridge and Jiribam-Imphal Project were reviewed.
The Prime Minister agreed that a strong partnership can lead to innovations, economic growth, sustainable solutions, and mutually beneficial trade and investment.
As of August 2017, Indian troops have served in about 50 of the UN's 71 worldwide peacekeeping operations.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory regime to ensure the protection of their investments.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
This will prove to be extremely important for both the countries considering the shared cultural heritage of both the countries.
He unfurled the tricolour at Khardung-la in Ladakh on 15 August 2017.
The Prime Minister said India believes that the world is one family and it is with this spirit that it is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
In August 2016, a strict set of rules were put in place to curb benami transactions.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the youth will take India to new heights in the 21st century.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to the Make in India event.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
He also offered prayers at the Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
57 teams of NDRF, including 1,300 personnel and 435 boats, have been engaged in search and rescue operations.
In this context, the Prime Minister also talked about the initiatives taken in the field of air connectivity and water connectivity.
This railway line will prove to be Tripura's gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
b) An apex post of Controller General of Communications Accounts (CGCA) will also be created.
Soon, we will also be able to get a new joy, a new satisfaction in carrying forward the journey that Atal ji had started.
The government is firmly committed to follow the path of fiscal consolidation.
At the same time, the people here also have a deep understanding of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
Social media is changing disaster response.
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from the PMO, NITI Aayog and other ministries.
Addressing the gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the conference as a new beginning towards the public sector.
On the advent of the holy month of Ramadan, I extend my warm greetings and best wishes to the people of India and around the world, especially to the Muslim community, on this holy month.
The staff of the UN, diplomats of the world, everyone participated in it.
I congratulate all the athletes who are coming back with medals.
He had also released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
He said that only those who respect women can truly take pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda's address, "Brothers and Sisters of America."
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
We have removed bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these areas.
To create world-class universities in the field of education, we have taken a major step towards freedom from shackles.
In this regard, he talked about India's digital infrastructure and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
During the last three years, my Government has paid special attention to the overall infrastructure development of the country.
Japan's role in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail underlines scale and speed.
This will put an end to the issue that has been pending for almost 24 years.
We have agreed that water efficiency and resource utilization; water conservation and its refining; increased productivity in agriculture are key areas towards strengthening our bilateral cooperation.
He said the main focus of the government is preventive healthcare and the main goal is to improve affordability and access to treatment.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
You must have seen how steps have been taken within 100 hours of the attack.
Knowledgeable people have been respected for centuries since the time of the Upanishads.
I especially thank you for your phone call.
Lord Buddha's message is as relevant in the 21st century as it was two and a half thousand years ago.
During the interaction, Shri Narendra Modi said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana-National Rural Livelihoods Mission has been launched in all the states.
The two countries share vibrant and growing people-to-people ties.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius, Mr. Pravind Jugnauth, will be the Chief Guest at the 15th edition of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Conference.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
· The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual summit meetings, including multilateral events.
This decision of the government will give more loans to small shopkeepers, small industries.
He said all the stakeholders associated with the health sector are working together to bring about a radical change in the sector.
In the 23rd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of consumer-related grievances.
He informed that these steps are bringing a change in the lives of common people.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram through video conferencing.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lahartara.
My best wishes to all the students appearing for the examination, their parents and all the teachers.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
Indian Navy Chief Admiral Sunil Lanba was also present on the occasion.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar ji.
My participation in the Summit reflects India's high priority for its neighbours and resolve to continue to deepen our relations with our neighbours in South-East Asia.
The unique festival of Chhath Puja is fully associated with nature and the worship of nature.
He appealed to all present to work towards 100% sanitation coverage by Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, 2nd October, 2019.
I have been saying that this is the twenty-first (21st) century of Asia.
This provides a mechanism for capturing rising land prices.
The gallery is 153 metres high and can be visited by 200 visitors at a time.
So many young people leave their homes for the first time, to give a new direction to their lives.
Now I specifically talk about food processing.
Saddened by the demise of George Saheb.
India's per capita income has doubled in the last 10 years.
He had invested his entire life's earnings just by relying on one of your signs.
Go ahead with this mantra.
Mr. Joe Yuelle-Draw briefed Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men are from our country.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is starting now and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games.
Another example of a broader scale is India's renewable energy programme.
Similar steps have been taken towards the release of advance information about the cyclone.
The emphasis was on women's empowerment and respect for women.
This is especially imperative to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the oppressed, the oppressed and the marginalised.
Secretary Carton briefed the Prime Minister on the decisions taken in June this year and the progress made towards the discussions.
In the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in terms of complaints and redressal related to post offices and railways.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is essential for development today.
During this period, the expedition team will stop at Bijnor, Narora, Farrukhabad, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi and Buxar.
I had appealed to change the brain-drain to brain-gain.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Janmashtami along with the festival of independence.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the healthcare needs of the region.
It contains the original verses of the Bhagavad-gita, including the Tika.
It works to connect
The huge size and growth of the Indian market holds immense potential.
We are determined to do what is sustainable and green.
Last year, about 3.5 crore people have benefited from it.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, his father encouraged him by putting all possible means into it.
Singaporean companies have become key partners with India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities, and infrastructure development.
The Prime Minister has also greeted the people of Andhra Pradesh.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters at this sad hour.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle became a people's movement due to the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
A comprehensive rapid transit system is therefore necessary to cope with the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
He inaugurated the Swadesh Darshan scheme by unveiling a plaque there.
Now is the time to debate it, to find a way.
Together, we will create an India where there will be ample opportunities for the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Sahakar Sammelan to mark the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar, in New Delhi.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for establishing the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
The entire ambience is enveloped by the sacred fragrance.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the banking system.
In the Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation, we have outlined our programme of cooperation in this area.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close mutual cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
If children in our family are also interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
He asked the officials to prepare an action plan during the Revenue Gyan Sangam to reduce the delay in these cases.
The Prime Minister will address the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
Our UPI or United Payments Interface system, as well as the BHIM app and RuPay cards, are also showing the real potential of the digital economy in India.
Our players gave a great performance and on the basis of this, India has become the Asia Cup champion after ten years.
Continuous availability of water is important for agriculture.
He also distributed PM-SYM pension cards among the beneficiaries.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy, providing new impetus to growth at the global level as well.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today said that in the present times, a sportsperson's life spans many decades.
13. To inform and inform citizens on hygiene and food safety and healthy food habits.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are driven by a broad understanding of issues of mutual interest.
7. Any other area of cooperation on the basis of mutual decision.
He said that we are entering a period of greater energy availability, but it is a pity that more than a billion people in the world are still without electricity.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play an important role in the development of Asia.
The Prime Minister said 1.50 lakh health and wellness centres are being built under Ayushman Bharat.
It has the power to change the weather of the entire country.
I have been saying this thing that the 21st century is Asia's century.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
He successfully placed 104 satellites in space through a single rocket launch.
• The country will not gain anything by standing with those who have looted the country.
This time in the monsoon session, everyone has put together a model.
The world today is also grappling with the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
Earlier this year, he was awarded the 'Padma Shri'.
Since the Council was formed fifty years ago, the industry in India has progressed rapidly.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian military personnel by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
The Prime Minister stressed on ensuring maximum benefits for the poor and downtrodden sections of the society under the scheme.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to progress around the world, but retain their Indianness.
My dear countrymen, Ganeshotsav is coming up in a few days.
Thanks to the immense energy of the youth of our country, we are projecting India as a global manufacturing hub.
Stable, predictable, and transparent laws and regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
He said that as a result of these programmes, India has jumped 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last 4 years.
Preparing hospitals for the exchange of good facilities;
A look at his life-time gives a glimpse of the whole of India.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
People have also started giving each other Khadi items as gifts.
Every athlete who represented India at the Commonwealth Games-2018 inspires us.
The exhibition showcases more than a hundred good practices and imitations.
First of all, many congratulations to all of you for the International Conference on such an important topic as Consumer Protection.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than many major economies.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okha and Bait Dwarka.
We are also looking at various strategies for better waste management.
Brazil is one of our most important economic partners in Latin America.
The two leaders will also make their statements to the media.
There is no dearth of talent in the country.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Central Government Ministries.
This reason is the result of our fight against black money.
This month of October is the month to remember so many of our great men.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
When I read Savarkar ji's' Maji Janmathe ', a book, it inspired me to visit the Cellular Jail.
People will now be empowered through smartphones and digital devices with the aim of making financial services accessible to them.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM scheme to the 42 crore workers in the unorganised sector of the country.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Minister of Gujarat, Shri Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and senior officials of the state government, disaster relief agencies and PMO.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will give impetus to the industrial development of Odisha and work towards using technology to improve the quality of life of the people.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen on all these festivals.
We noted that President Temer's priority includes reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
Ambitious goals that include key health indicators and others are driving performance.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
These projects pertain to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
He dedicated to the nation, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone of various development projects in Rae Bareli.
Recently, our country's beloved poet Neeraj ji left us.
Sadly, for too long, we simply referred to the events of 1857 as the Mutiny or the Sepoy Mutiny.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
He also said that several announcements have been made in the budget to meet this objective.
The Prime Minister paid a thorough visit to the memorial.
The two leaders expressed confidence that the strong partnership between India and the United States will continue to be an important factor in global peace and prosperity.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the process of cooperation.
The team is led by captain Mithali Raj.
During the last three years, everyone has made efforts in their own way towards water conservation and water management.
For the first time, the tricolour was hoisted on the 75th anniversary of the Azad Hind Government from the Badalal-Qila of independence.
The committee has also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to make the government machinery corruption-free through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures.
Our partnership will extend to combating terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been reduced, the ceiling on insurance has been removed and the amount of claims disbursed to farmers has been increased.
Many congratulations to daughter Shivangi.
The world is committed to a climate change agenda based on the COP-21 agreement.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that Mahatma Gandhi's favourite bhajan Vaishnav Jan was sung by artists from 150 countries all over the world.
Respected Chairman, On behalf of the House and the countrymen, many congratulations and best wishes to you!
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with IPS probationers of the 2015 batch.
We know how the fruits of progress and prosperity are distributed among the common man.
The Prime Minister said, "Gujaratis celebrate the beginning of the new year on the day after Diwali.
So a lot of new people must have been trained - to vote.
Support in the development of human resources and health services and the establishment of health facilities.
Many of our festivals uniquely embody the spirit of saving rivers and water.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of the residential areas are now connected to rural roads.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is going on.
There has always been a place for every positive change in our country.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
Kerala also has some of the oldest colleges, schools, and libraries in the country.
It has also started yielding good results.
The MoU was signed on July, 2017.
The central government is constantly and closely monitoring the flood situation in Kerala.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
Reiterating his resolve to fulfil his dream of a prosperous and developed India, I pay tributes to Atal Ji on behalf of all of us.
Our discussions covered all aspects of the bilateral relationship.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
The results of these efforts are now showing.
Today, it is becoming increasingly difficult to live a stress-free life because of lifestyle, because of complacency, because of increasing responsibilities.
Nordic solutions in non-polluting technologies, sea-based solutions, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences, and agriculture were discussed.
Through radio, in a way, I meet crores of families every month.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
In a desert like Rajasthan, the Bishnoi community has shown us the way to conserve the environment.
"Bhupen Hazarika's songs and music have been admired by people from generation to generation.
You too should take part and especially I would urge you to show these things to the children.
